
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               176277906288000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121492                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                4678352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   243475                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                 19950.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             8835751322                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  2423825301                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4857464717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                176.277906                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                176277906288000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                        4561706                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                59.023737                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             4561646.976263                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.Branches                       546903246                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.committedInsts                2423744136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                  4857317702                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.dtb.rdAccesses                 756524817                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.rdMisses                       19086                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrAccesses                 457700018                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrMisses                        8630                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrAccesses                3199969891                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrMisses                         310                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                   352555812576                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             352555812575.997986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads         2311608083                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes        1253451997                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts    327318301                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses             69060252                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                    69060252                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads          111481490                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes          60154436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                 133452268                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                 0.001996                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses          4781744785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                 4781744785                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads        9884679844                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes       3891564804                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                 755900411                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                  1213183863                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                457283452                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass            29147163      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu              3505652961     72.17%     72.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                5046794      0.10%     72.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                53899303      1.11%     73.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd               3211005      0.07%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                  2640      0.00%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                4844354      0.10%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                7855413      0.16%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      6      0.00%     74.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt               11903892      0.25%     74.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc              12528602      0.26%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift              6473967      0.13%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            793752      0.02%     74.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt           1426623      0.03%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv           1268116      0.03%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult            79248      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              741691644     15.27%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             455455140      9.38%     99.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead          14208767      0.29%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite          1828312      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total               4857317702                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.workload.numSyscalls                2070                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu02.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                        4624852                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                60.669135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             4624791.330865                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu03.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                        4636156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                60.966070                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             4636095.033930                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu04.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                        4657524                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                61.529350                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             4657462.470650                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu05.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                        4686868                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                62.307104                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             4686805.692896                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu06.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                        4689154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                62.367899                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             4689091.632101                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu07.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                        4698524                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                62.617398                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             4698461.382602                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu08.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                        4704838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                62.785805                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             4704775.214195                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu09.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                        4710614                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                62.940061                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             4710551.059939                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu10.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                        4711962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                62.976088                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             4711899.023912                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu11.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                        4719098                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                63.166980                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             4719034.833020                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu12.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                        4724144                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                63.302138                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             4724080.697862                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu13.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                        4727570                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                63.393986                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             4727506.606014                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu14.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                        4730730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                63.478761                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             4730666.521239                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu15.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999987                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000013                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                        4730788                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                63.480318                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             4730724.519682                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu9.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers219.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers159.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers158.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers153.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers152.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers151.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers150.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers157.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers156.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers155.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers154.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers83.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers128.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers129.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers126.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers127.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers124.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers125.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers122.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers123.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers120.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers121.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers88.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers89.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers91.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers139.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers138.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers135.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers134.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers137.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers136.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers131.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers130.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers133.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers132.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers232.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers233.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers230.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers231.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers236.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers237.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers234.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers235.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers238.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers239.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers100.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers101.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers102.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers103.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers104.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers105.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers106.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers107.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers108.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers109.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu00.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu00.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu01.inst  25599759128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu01.data   5460505097                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu02.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu02.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu03.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu03.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu04.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu04.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu05.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu05.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu06.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu06.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu07.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu07.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu08.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu08.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu09.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu09.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu10.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu10.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu11.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu11.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu12.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu12.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu13.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu13.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu14.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu14.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu15.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu15.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total  31061198605                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu00.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu01.inst  25599759128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu02.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu03.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu04.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu05.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu06.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu07.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu08.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu09.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu10.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu11.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu12.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu13.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu14.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu15.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total  25600587368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu00.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu01.data   3171499196                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu02.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu03.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu04.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu05.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu06.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu07.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu08.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu09.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu10.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu11.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu12.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu13.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu14.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu15.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total   3171605996                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu00.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu00.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu01.inst   3199969891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu01.data    756524817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu02.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu02.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu03.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu03.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu04.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu04.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu05.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu05.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu06.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu06.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu07.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu07.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu08.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu08.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu09.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu09.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu10.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu10.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu11.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu11.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu12.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu12.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu13.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu13.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu14.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu14.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu15.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu15.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total   3956614078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu00.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu01.data    457700018                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu02.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu03.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu04.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu05.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu06.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu07.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu08.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu09.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu10.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu11.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu12.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu13.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu14.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu15.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total    457714058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu00.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu00.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu01.inst    145223866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu01.data     30976685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu02.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu02.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu03.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu03.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu04.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu04.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu05.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu05.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu06.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu06.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu07.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu07.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu08.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu08.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu09.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu09.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu10.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu10.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu11.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu11.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu12.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu12.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu13.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu13.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu14.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu14.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu15.inst          313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu15.data           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total    176205852                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu00.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu01.inst    145223866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu02.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu03.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu04.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu05.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu06.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu07.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu08.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu09.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu10.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu11.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu12.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu13.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu14.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu15.inst          313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total    145228565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu00.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu01.data     17991473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu02.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu03.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu04.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu05.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu06.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu07.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu08.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu09.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu10.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu11.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu12.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu13.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu14.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu15.data           40                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total     17992079                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu00.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu00.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu01.inst    145223866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu01.data     48968158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu02.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu02.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu03.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu03.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu04.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu04.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu05.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu05.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu06.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu06.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu07.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu07.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu08.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu08.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu09.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu09.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu10.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu10.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu11.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu11.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu12.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu12.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu13.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu13.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu14.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu14.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu15.inst          313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu15.data           81                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total    194197931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu00.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu00.data::samples      1465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu01.inst::samples 3199969891.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu01.data::samples 681399742.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu02.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu02.data::samples      1467.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu03.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu03.data::samples      1466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu04.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu04.data::samples      1478.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu05.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu05.data::samples      1481.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu06.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu06.data::samples      1467.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu07.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu07.data::samples      1475.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu08.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu08.data::samples      1464.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu09.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu09.data::samples      1468.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu10.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu10.data::samples      1470.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu11.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu11.data::samples      1467.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu12.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu12.data::samples      1466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu13.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu13.data::samples      1459.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu14.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu14.data::samples      1450.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu15.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu15.data::samples      1445.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency 0.000000013100                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency 0.469010171300                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds      6240476                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds      6240476                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState   8152328471                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState     47287401                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3956614078                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457714058                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readBursts       3956947033                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts       458114352                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ     128900002                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts    404666232                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0   1912838623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1   1915208408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0     26177321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1     27270785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen              1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen             13.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41558716683700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12249750499200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91706132789800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat            10856.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat           3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat       23956.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits          203795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits       33283162                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0     46205659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1       857354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2     66026442                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3   3843857578                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0     18518666                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1       813724                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2     89307546                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3    349474416                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0     3826962340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1         957336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2             69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3            120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4            163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5            124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6            113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7            186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8            200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9            258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10           533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11           616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12           995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13          9458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14         56116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15         58404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7          43251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8        3480343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9        6239125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10       6239732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11       6240034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12       6239982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13       6239573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14       6239549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15       6239549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16       6239548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20           703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21           901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22           927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23           934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24           956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25           986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26           965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27           990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28            58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29             4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples   3848008180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.278477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.132129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     5.402869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63   3834168742     99.64%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95      4923117      0.13%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127      3411144      0.09%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159      2494969      0.06%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191      1178993      0.03%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223      1490955      0.04%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255       295926      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287        44332      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::288-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::352-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total   3848008180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples      6240476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean   613.422258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  2255.189896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-262143      6240471    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::262144-524287            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5.24288e+06-5.50502e+06            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total      6240476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples      6240476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     8.564748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     8.549460                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.510459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8      2760943     44.24%     44.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::9      3436041     55.06%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::10        42234      0.68%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::11         1246      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12            9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::13            3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total      6240476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM  122497504992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ     4124800064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten     1710339392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys    31061198605                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys   3171605996                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW              694.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                9.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys           176.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys            17.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                7.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead            6.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite           0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totGap         176277906245000                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgGap             39933.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu00.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu00.data         6606                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu01.inst  25599759128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu01.data   4480362397                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu02.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu02.data         6598                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu03.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu03.data         6584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu04.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu04.data         6664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu05.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu05.data         6644                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu06.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu06.data         6668                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu07.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu07.data         6632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu08.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu08.data         6616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu09.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu09.data         6640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu10.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu10.data         6648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu11.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu11.data         6640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu12.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu12.data         6616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu13.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu13.data         6568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu14.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu14.data         6534                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu15.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu15.data         6510                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu00.data         3442                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu01.data    380541345                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu02.data         3468                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu03.data         3496                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu04.data         3502                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu05.data         3552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu06.data         3428                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu07.data         3528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu08.data         3460                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu09.data         3464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu10.data         3468                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu11.data         3452                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu12.data         3476                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu13.data         3484                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu14.data         3450                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu15.data         3426                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu00.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu00.data 37.474917527142                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu01.inst 145223866.490537554026                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu01.data 25416471.589355368167                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu02.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu02.data 37.429534641853                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu03.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu03.data 37.350114592598                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu04.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu04.data 37.803943445485                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu05.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu05.data 37.690486232263                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu06.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu06.data 37.826634888129                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu07.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu07.data 37.622411904330                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu08.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu08.data 37.531646133752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu09.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu09.data 37.667794789619                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu10.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu10.data 37.713177674907                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu11.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu11.data 37.667794789619                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu12.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu12.data 37.531646133752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu13.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu13.data 37.259348822020                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu14.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu14.data 37.066471559543                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu15.inst 313.232674262587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu15.data 36.930322903677                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu00.data 19.525986395462                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu01.data 2158758.025967688300                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu02.data 19.673480772650                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu03.data 19.832320871161                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu04.data 19.866358035127                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu05.data 20.150001068182                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu06.data 19.446566346207                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu07.data 20.013852412315                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu08.data 19.628097887361                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu09.data 19.650789330006                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu10.data 19.673480772650                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu11.data 19.582715002073                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu12.data 19.718863657939                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu13.data 19.764246543228                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu14.data 19.571369280751                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu15.data 19.435220624885                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu00.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu00.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu01.inst   3199969891                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu01.data    756857772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu02.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu02.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu03.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu03.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu04.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu04.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu05.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu05.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu06.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu06.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu07.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu07.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu08.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu08.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu09.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu09.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu10.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu10.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu11.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu11.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu12.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu12.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu13.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu13.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu14.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu14.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu15.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu15.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu00.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu01.data    458100312                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu02.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu03.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu04.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu05.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu06.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu07.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu08.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu09.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu10.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu11.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu12.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu13.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu14.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu15.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu00.inst   1918895600                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu00.data    245819000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu01.inst 76708981789900                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu01.data 14964482953500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu02.inst   1902361100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu02.data    240534100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu03.inst   1909827800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu03.data    238750000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu04.inst   1917494800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu04.data    241766300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu05.inst   1921004500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu05.data    252926300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu06.inst   1929780300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu06.data    245290800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu07.inst   1932584000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu07.data    247146200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu08.inst   1938282400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu08.data    244619400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu09.inst   1935132100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu09.data    250658100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu10.inst   1939100600                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu10.data    247350100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu11.inst   1946701200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu11.data    243281500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu12.inst   1953026700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu12.data    239539100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu13.inst   1956417700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu13.data    237879800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu14.inst   1957046800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu14.data    238873700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu15.inst   1955870700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu15.data    240085700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu00.data   3508257600                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu01.data 2375634597773700                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu02.data   3335559800                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu03.data   3458340100                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu04.data   3299312700                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu05.data   3402163800                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu06.data   3443523300                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu07.data   3343088800                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu08.data   3336861000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu09.data   3377340700                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu10.data   3437491200                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu11.data   3536068200                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu12.data   3674945500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu13.data   3854707100                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu14.data   4070262500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu15.data   4228792400                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu00.inst    278020.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu00.data    232783.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu01.inst     23971.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu01.data     19771.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu02.inst    275624.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu02.data    227778.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu03.inst    276706.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu03.data    226089.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu04.inst    277817.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu04.data    228945.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu05.inst    278325.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu05.data    239513.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu06.inst    279597.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu06.data    232282.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu07.inst    280003.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu07.data    234039.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu08.inst    280829.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu08.data    231647.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu09.inst    280372.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu09.data    237365.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu10.inst    280947.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu10.data    234233.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu11.inst    282048.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu11.data    230380.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu12.inst    282965.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu12.data    226836.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu13.inst    283456.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu13.data    225264.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu14.inst    283547.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu14.data    226206.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu15.inst    283377.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu15.data    227353.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu00.data   3748138.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu01.data   5185839.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu02.data   3563632.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu03.data   3694807.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu04.data   3524906.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu05.data   3634790.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu06.data   3678977.88                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu07.data   3571676.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu08.data   3565022.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu09.data   3608269.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu10.data   3672533.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu11.data   3777850.64                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu12.data   3926223.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu13.data   4118276.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu14.data   4348571.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu15.data   4517940.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate            0.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actEnergy 2119482905764.262207                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preEnergy 1062050257680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.readEnergy 2186580463928.295654                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.writeEnergy 22319929064.944164                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actBackEnergy 4887902031396.464844                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preBackEnergy 4345211475263.533203                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalEnergy 15415812597061.878906                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.averagePower    87.451757                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 60754428220300                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 112851434206700                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers98.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers188.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers189.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers223.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers222.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers225.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers224.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers227.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers226.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers180.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers181.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers182.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers183.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers184.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers185.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers186.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers187.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadReq   3956614078                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadResp   3956614078                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::WriteReq    457714058                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::WriteResp    457714058                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port   8828389452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::total   8828389452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count::total      8828656272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port  34231763421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::total  34231763421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size::total      34232804601                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer11.occupancy     20401200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer11.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer10.occupancy     20443299                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer10.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer13.occupancy     20380500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer13.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer12.occupancy     20406499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer12.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer14.occupancy     20382600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer14.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer17.occupancy      3479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer17.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.reqLayer15.occupancy 4872042194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.reqLayer15.utilization          2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer16.occupancy     16937400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer9.occupancy     20407300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer9.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer8.occupancy     20390800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer8.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer5.occupancy     20376900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer5.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer4.occupancy     20383200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer7.occupancy     20405200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer7.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer6.occupancy     20417800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer6.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer1.occupancy     20428798                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer0.occupancy 11034403361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer0.utilization          6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer3.occupancy     20372900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer2.occupancy     20415200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadReq   3956494708                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadResp   3956494708                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::WriteReq    457700018                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::WriteResp    457700018                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave   6399939782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache_port::total   6399939782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave   2428449670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache_port::total   2428449670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count::total      8828389452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave  25599759128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache_port::total  25599759128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave   8632004293                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache_port::total   8632004293                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size::total      34231763421                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer15.occupancy 6399939782000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer15.utilization          3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.reqLayer0.occupancy 4871894744000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.reqLayer0.utilization          2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer16.occupancy 1970749652000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer16.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers90.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers117.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers116.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers115.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers114.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers113.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers112.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers111.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers110.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers97.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers96.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers95.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers94.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers93.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers92.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers119.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers118.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers216.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers217.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers199.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers198.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers197.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers196.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers195.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers194.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers193.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers192.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers191.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers190.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers76.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers80.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers81.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers84.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers85.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers86.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers87.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers162.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers163.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers160.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers161.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers166.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers167.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers164.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers165.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers168.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers169.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState     45288879                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.refreshEnergy 792265533020.031616                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actBackEnergy 132171064366.260147                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preBackEnergy 8350037554709.645508                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalEnergy 9274474154293.605469                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.averagePower    52.612800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 173605862427000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 2672043861000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers79.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers78.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers75.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers74.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers77.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers218.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers71.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers70.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers73.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers72.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers99.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers82.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers221.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers220.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers171.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers170.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers173.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers172.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers175.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers174.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers177.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers176.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers179.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers178.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers68.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers69.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers66.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers67.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers64.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers65.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers229.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers228.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers144.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers145.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers146.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers147.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers140.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers141.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers142.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers143.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers148.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers149.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 176277906288000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
