
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               196321018000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123599                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                4678176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   229722                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             8564654345                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2833128                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5265726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.196321                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                196321018000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.988370                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.011630                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                        4566348                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles             53105.709897                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             4513242.290103                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.988304                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.011696                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                        4592438                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles             53714.286424                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             4538723.713576                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu02.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.988168                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.011832                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                        4645714                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles             54967.773674                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             4590746.226326                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu03.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.988151                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               0.011849                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                        4652232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             55122.122945                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles             4597109.877055                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu04.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.988111                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.011889                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                        4668138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles             55499.692822                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             4612638.307178                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu05.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.988051                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.011949                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                        4691734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles             56062.178545                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             4635671.821455                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu06.Branches                          556560                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.committedInsts                   2751963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                     5118711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.dtb.rdAccesses                    766358                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.rdMisses                         835                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrAccesses                    392119                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrMisses                          44                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrAccesses                   3604837                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrMisses                         300                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                      392642036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles             392642035.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads            2818773                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes           1891833                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts       409859                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                51811                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                       51811                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads              72669                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes             39665                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                     89958                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                 0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses             5058518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                    5058518                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads          10406806                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes          4212156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                    766336                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                     1158435                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                   392099                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass               32895      0.64%      0.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                 3846957     75.15%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                   1263      0.02%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                   47940      0.94%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                  1708      0.03%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                  2624      0.05%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                   2814      0.05%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                   6211      0.12%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                     12      0.00%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                   7146      0.14%     77.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                  6813      0.13%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                 3889      0.08%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 2      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 2      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     77.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                 753845     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                386553      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead             12491      0.24%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite             5546      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                  5118711                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.workload.numSyscalls                  69                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu07.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.988033                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.011967                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                        4698720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles             56229.256203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             4642490.743797                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu08.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.988031                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.011969                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                        4699658                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles             56251.708406                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             4643406.291594                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu09.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.988021                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.011979                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                        4703604                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles             56346.209932                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             4647257.790068                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu10.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.988015                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.011985                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                        4705842                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles             56399.842346                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             4649442.157654                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu11.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.988005                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.011995                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                        4709638                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles             56490.869691                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             4653147.130309                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu12.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.988003                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.011997                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                        4710466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles             56510.734722                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             4653955.265278                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu13.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.987990                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.012010                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                        4715594                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles             56633.841346                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             4658960.158654                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu14.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.987983                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.012017                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                        4718552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles             56704.914235                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             4661847.085765                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu15.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.987975                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.012025                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                        4721550                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles             56776.993695                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             4664773.006305                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu9.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers219.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers159.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers158.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers153.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers152.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers151.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers150.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers157.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers156.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers155.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers154.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers83.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers128.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers129.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers126.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers127.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers124.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers125.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers122.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers123.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers120.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers121.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers88.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers89.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers91.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadReq      4371195                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadResp      4371195                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::WriteReq       392119                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::WriteResp       392119                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave      7209674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache_port::total      7209674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave      2316954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache_port::total      2316954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count::total         9526628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave     28838696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache_port::total     28838696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave      7445993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache_port::total      7445993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size::total         36284689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer15.occupancy   7209674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer15.utilization          3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.reqLayer0.occupancy   5155433000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.reqLayer0.utilization          2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer16.occupancy   1924835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer16.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers139.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers138.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers135.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers134.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers137.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers136.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers131.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers130.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers133.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers132.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers232.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers233.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers230.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers231.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers236.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers237.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers234.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers235.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers238.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers239.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers100.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers101.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers102.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers103.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers104.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers105.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers106.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers107.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers108.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers109.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu00.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu00.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu01.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu01.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu02.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu02.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu03.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu03.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu04.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu04.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu05.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu05.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu06.inst     28838696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu06.data      4708364                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu07.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu07.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu08.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu08.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu09.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu09.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu10.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu10.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu11.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu11.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu12.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu12.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu13.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu13.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu14.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu14.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu15.inst        55216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu15.data         7076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total     34481440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu00.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu01.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu02.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu03.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu04.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu05.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu06.inst     28838696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu07.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu08.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu09.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu10.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu11.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu12.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu13.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu14.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu15.inst        55216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total     29666936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu00.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu01.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu02.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu03.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu04.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu05.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu06.data      2737629                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu07.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu08.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu09.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu10.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu11.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu12.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu13.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu14.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu15.data         7120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      2844429                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu00.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu00.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu01.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu01.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu02.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu02.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu03.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu03.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu04.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu04.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu05.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu05.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu06.inst      3604837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu06.data       766358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu07.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu07.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu08.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu08.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu09.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu09.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu10.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu10.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu11.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu11.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu12.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu12.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu13.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu13.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu14.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu14.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu15.inst         6902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu15.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total      4490565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu00.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu01.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu02.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu03.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu04.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu05.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu06.data       392119                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu07.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu08.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu09.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu10.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu11.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu12.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu13.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu14.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu15.data          936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total       406159                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu00.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu00.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu01.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu01.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu02.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu02.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu03.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu03.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu04.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu04.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu05.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu05.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu06.inst    146895612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu06.data     23982985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu07.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu07.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu08.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu08.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu09.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu09.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu10.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu10.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu11.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu11.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu12.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu12.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu13.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu13.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu14.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu14.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu15.inst       281254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu15.data        36043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total    175638046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu00.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu01.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu02.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu03.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu04.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu05.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu06.inst    146895612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu07.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu08.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu09.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu10.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu11.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu12.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu13.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu14.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu15.inst       281254                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total    151114416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu00.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu01.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu02.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu03.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu04.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu05.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu06.data     13944656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu07.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu08.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu09.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu10.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu11.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu12.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu13.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu14.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu15.data        36267                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total     14488663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu00.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu00.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu01.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu01.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu02.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu02.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu03.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu03.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu04.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu04.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu05.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu05.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu06.inst    146895612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu06.data     37927641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu07.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu07.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu08.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu08.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu09.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu09.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu10.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu10.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu11.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu11.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu12.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu12.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu13.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu13.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu14.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu14.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu15.inst       281254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu15.data        72310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total    190126709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu00.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu00.data::samples      1501.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu01.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu01.data::samples      1476.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu02.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu02.data::samples      1472.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu03.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu03.data::samples      1460.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu04.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu04.data::samples      1470.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu05.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu05.data::samples      1476.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu06.inst::samples   3604837.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu06.data::samples    739698.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu07.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu07.data::samples      1481.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu08.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu08.data::samples      1477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu09.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu09.data::samples      1476.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu10.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu10.data::samples      1477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu11.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu11.data::samples      1463.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu12.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu12.data::samples      1465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu13.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu13.data::samples      1462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu14.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu14.data::samples      1469.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu15.inst::samples      6902.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu15.data::samples      1465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency 0.000000013100                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency 0.007807621300                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds         9332                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds         9332                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState      9089413                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState        69397                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490565                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406159                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readBursts          4490693                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts          406184                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ         99065                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts       327657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0      2180274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1      2211354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0        38460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1        40053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen              1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen             13.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79499758800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14053209600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137030085600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat            18102.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat           3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat       31202.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits             361                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits          40801                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        51.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0       147700                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1        10446                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2        86812                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3      4245735                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0        16017                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1         2338                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2        69709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3       318120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0        4264146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1            207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2             68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3             90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4             69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5             80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6             88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7             85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8            202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9            465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10           514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11           420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12          1262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13          9634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14         55792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15         58506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7            270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8           3489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9           8430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10          8403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11          8401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12          8403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13          8389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14          8387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15          8386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16          8385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19             1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20           699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21           926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22           946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23           970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24           985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25           989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26           981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27          1008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28            68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29             2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      4428979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.297401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.140042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     5.579070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63      4412610     99.63%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95         4771      0.11%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127         4600      0.10%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159         3022      0.07%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191         2162      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223         1514      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255          195      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287          104      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::320-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      4428979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean   470.582726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   997.830706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095         9322     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            9      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         9332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     8.413309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     8.393317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.600331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8         5870     62.90%     62.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::9         3192     34.20%     97.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::10          171      1.83%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::11           77      0.83%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12           18      0.19%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::13            4      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         9332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM     140532096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ        3170080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten        2512416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys       34481440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys      2844429                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW              715.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW               12.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys           175.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys            14.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                7.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead            7.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totGap         196320975000                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgGap             40092.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu00.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu00.data         6682                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu01.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu01.data         6572                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu02.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu02.data         6600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu03.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu03.data         6540                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu04.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu04.data         6572                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu05.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu05.data         6624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu06.inst     28838696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu06.data      3963904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu07.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu07.data         6664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu08.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu08.data         6612                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu09.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu09.data         6572                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu10.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu10.data         6638                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu11.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu11.data         6550                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu12.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu12.data         6540                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu13.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu13.data         6570                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu14.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu14.data         6612                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu15.inst        55216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu15.data         6590                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu00.data         3650                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu01.data         3584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu02.data         3524                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu03.data         3508                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu04.data         3540                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu05.data         3548                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu06.data       535830                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu07.data         3544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu08.data         3564                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu09.data         3608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu10.data         3554                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu11.data         3534                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu12.data         3564                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu13.data         3506                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu14.data         3492                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.cpu15.data         3502                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu00.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu00.data 34036.090827524131                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu01.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu01.data 33475.784034493954                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu02.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu02.data 33618.407581810723                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu03.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu03.data 33312.785694703351                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu04.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu04.data 33475.784034493954                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu05.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu05.data 33740.656336653672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu06.inst 146895611.553929477930                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu06.data 20190930.346540886909                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu07.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu07.data 33944.404261391915                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu08.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu08.data 33679.531959232198                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu09.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu09.data 33475.784034493954                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu10.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu10.data 33811.968110312060                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu11.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu11.data 33363.722675887911                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu12.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu12.data 33312.785694703351                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu13.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu13.data 33465.596638257040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu14.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu14.data 33679.531959232198                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu15.inst 281253.635308675875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu15.data 33567.470600626162                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu00.data 18591.998132365021                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu01.data 18255.814056546915                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu02.data 17950.192169439542                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu03.data 17868.692999544244                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu04.data 18031.691339334844                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu05.data 18072.440924282491                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu06.data 2729356.262812369503                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu07.data 18052.066131808668                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu08.data 18153.940094177789                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu09.data 18378.062811389864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu10.data 18103.003112993229                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu11.data 18001.129150624107                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu12.data 18153.940094177789                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu13.data 17858.505603307334                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu14.data 17787.193829648946                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.cpu15.data 17838.130810833507                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu00.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu00.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu01.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu01.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu02.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu02.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu03.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu03.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu04.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu04.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu05.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu05.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu06.inst      3604837                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu06.data       766486                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu07.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu07.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu08.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu08.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu09.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu09.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu10.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu10.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu11.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu11.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu12.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu12.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu13.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu13.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu14.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu14.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu15.inst         6902                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu15.data         1056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu00.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu01.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu02.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu03.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu04.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu05.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu06.data       392144                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu07.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu08.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu09.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu10.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu11.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu12.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu13.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu14.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.cpu15.data          936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu00.inst   1923147800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu00.data    243893600                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu01.inst   1887506500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu01.data    239246800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu02.inst   1909257400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu02.data    244116900                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu03.inst   1919285300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu03.data    237380500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu04.inst   1922093200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu04.data    242481800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu05.inst   1936206900                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu05.data    240129200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu06.inst  88267503800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu06.data  16151613400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu07.inst   1936476400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu07.data    243378800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu08.inst   1940674700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu08.data    239632200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu09.inst   1937354300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu09.data    244950600                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu10.inst   1940278500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu10.data    243113800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu11.inst   1935799200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu11.data    249571400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu12.inst   1937411700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu12.data    248321000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu13.inst   1948787700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu13.data    239491800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu14.inst   1942061300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu14.data    247660000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu15.inst   1946661300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu15.data    244597800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu00.data   3420732100                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu01.data   3370322200                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu02.data   3353663700                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu03.data   3301758500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu04.data   3370903100                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu05.data   3394426000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu06.data 2506856149400                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu07.data   3429388900                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu08.data   3465269300                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu09.data   3496147200                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu10.data   3509289100                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu11.data   3566760000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu12.data   3685844800                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu13.data   3812124300                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu14.data   3933300600                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.cpu15.data   4118308200                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu00.inst    278636.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu00.data    230959.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu01.inst    273472.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu01.data    226559.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu02.inst    276623.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu02.data    231171.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu03.inst    278076.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu03.data    224792.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu04.inst    278483.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu04.data    229622.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu05.inst    280528.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu05.data    227395.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu06.inst     24485.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu06.data     21072.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu07.inst    280567.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu07.data    230472.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu08.inst    281175.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu08.data    226924.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu09.inst    280694.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu09.data    231960.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu10.inst    281118.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu10.data    230221.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu11.inst    280469.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu11.data    236336.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu12.inst    280702.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu12.data    235152.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu13.inst    282351.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu13.data    226791.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu14.inst    281376.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu14.data    234526.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu15.inst    282043.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu15.data    231626.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu00.data   3654628.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu01.data   3600771.58                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu02.data   3582974.04                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu03.data   3527519.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu04.data   3601392.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu05.data   3626523.50                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu06.data   6392692.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu07.data   3663877.03                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu08.data   3702210.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu09.data   3735200.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu10.data   3749240.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu11.data   3810641.03                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu12.data   3937868.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu13.data   4072782.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu14.data   4202244.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.cpu15.data   4399901.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate            0.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actEnergy 2439481633.200150                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preEnergy   1222398204                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.readEnergy 2508497913.599834                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.writeEnergy 32787028.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actBackEnergy 5568715411.199991                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preBackEnergy 4733964326.400084                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalEnergy 17388186713.999550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.averagePower    88.570174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  65036304900                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 128308871100                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers98.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers188.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers189.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers223.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers222.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers225.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers224.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers227.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers226.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers180.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers181.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers182.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers183.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers184.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers185.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers186.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers187.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadReq      4490565                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadResp      4490565                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::WriteReq       406159                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::WriteResp       406159                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port      9526628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::total      9526628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::total        17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count::total         9793448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port     36284689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::total     36284689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::total        69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size::total         37325869                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer11.occupancy     20441300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer11.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer10.occupancy     20387400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer10.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer13.occupancy     20436700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer13.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer12.occupancy     20428500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer12.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer14.occupancy     20420900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer14.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer17.occupancy      3497400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer17.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.reqLayer15.occupancy   5302883000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.reqLayer15.utilization          2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer16.occupancy     16877200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer9.occupancy     20409700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer9.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer8.occupancy     20423100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer8.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer5.occupancy  12106257998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer5.utilization          6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer4.occupancy     20422900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer7.occupancy     20415100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer7.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer6.occupancy     20380800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer6.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer1.occupancy     20394700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer0.occupancy     20392700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer3.occupancy     20420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer2.occupancy     20394200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers90.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers117.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers116.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers115.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers114.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers113.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers112.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers111.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers110.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers97.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers96.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers95.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers94.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers93.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers92.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers119.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers118.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers216.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers217.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers199.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers198.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers197.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers196.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers195.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers194.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers193.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers192.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers191.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers190.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers76.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count::total          17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size::total           69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers80.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers81.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers84.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers85.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers86.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers87.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers162.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers163.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers160.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers161.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers166.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers167.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers164.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers165.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers168.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers169.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState        50438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.refreshEnergy 882342196.800772                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actBackEnergy 147198259.200139                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preBackEnergy 9299452454.395761                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalEnergy 10328992910.393545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.averagePower    52.612772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 193345176000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2975842000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers79.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers78.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers75.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers74.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers77.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers218.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers71.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers70.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers73.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers72.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers99.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers82.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers221.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers220.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers171.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers170.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers173.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers172.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers175.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers174.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers177.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers176.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers179.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers178.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers68.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers69.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers66.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers67.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers64.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers65.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers229.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers228.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadReq         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadResp         7958                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::WriteReq          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::WriteResp          936                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache_port::total        13804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache_port::total         3984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count::total           17788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache_port::total        55216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache_port::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache_port::total        14196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size::total            69412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer15.occupancy     13804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.reqLayer0.occupancy      9830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer16.occupancy      3048000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers144.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers145.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers146.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers147.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers140.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers141.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers142.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers143.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers148.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers149.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 196321018000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
