
Simulation Time in Seconds
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.245954                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.245964                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.245954                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.245959                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.246037                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.246114                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.246063                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.245951                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.245964                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.210568                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.245955                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.245954                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.246207                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.246050                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.246364                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.246128                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244681                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244679                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244674                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244661                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244671                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244680                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244699                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244657                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244673                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.209203                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244663                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244671                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244685                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244668                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244676                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.244681                       # Number of seconds simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_seconds' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Host Time in Seconds
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    46.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    44.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    43.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    43.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    43.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    42.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    44.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    44.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    44.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    37.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    43.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    45.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    42.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    45.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    42.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    44.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    45.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    42.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    46.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    41.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    42.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    44.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    42.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    42.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    41.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    37.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    43.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    42.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    43.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    44.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    45.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    48.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
write_results:grep 'host_seconds' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Simulation Ticks
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                245954120000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                245963910000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                245954046000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                245958621000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                246036811000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                246114356000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                246062770000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                245951304000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                245963798000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                210568018000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                245955072000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                245953970000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                246206502000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                246049927000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                246363571000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                246128210000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244681277000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244679425000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244674448000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244661321000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244670556000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244679812000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244698586000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244657050000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244672668000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                209202860000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244662829000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244670738000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244684664000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244668256000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244675685000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                244681449000                       # Number of ticks simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_ticks' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Simulation Operations
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6439358                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6439328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6439371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6439365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6441350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6443097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6441587                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6439290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6439326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6443021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6439326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6439287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6445154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6441403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6448886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6443273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6401661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402425                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6401771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6401154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6401902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6401866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6402109                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_ops' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Memory Reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                 882224     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                 882223     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 882226     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 882227     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                 882430     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                 882611     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 882455     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                 882218     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                 882223     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 882608     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                 882223     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 882219     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                 882823     14.02%     92.89% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 882436     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                 883208     14.02%     92.89% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 882629     14.02%     92.90% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                 878654     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                 878613     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 878638     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 878579     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                 878621     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                 878655     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 878673     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                 878586     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                 878634     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 878518     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                 878598     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 878627     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                 878669     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 878594     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                 878641     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 878617     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
write_results:grep "system.cpu.*op_class::MemRead" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Memory Writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                403860      6.42%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                403857      6.42%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                403856      6.42%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                403857      6.42%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                403856      6.42%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                403861      6.41%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                403857      6.42%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                403856      6.42%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                403857      6.42%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                403855      6.41%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                403857      6.42%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                403857      6.42%     99.32% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                403861      6.41%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                403861      6.42%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                403861      6.41%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                403861      6.41%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                401950      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                401946      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                401947      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                401947      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                401946      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                401951      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                401946      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                401947      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                401947      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                401944      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                401946      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                401947      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                401951      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                401950      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                401951      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                401950      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
write_results:grep "system.cpu.*op_class::MemWrite" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Read Requests by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5621558                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5621537                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5621572                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5621572                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5623427                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5625101                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5623626                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5621512                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5621530                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5625042                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5621537                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5621499                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5627021                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5623481                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5630574                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5625240                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590824                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590505                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590695                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590230                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590566                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590816                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590952                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590302                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590652                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5589807                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590392                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590611                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590918                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590373                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590715                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5590560                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*readReqs" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Write Requests by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435486                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435483                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435482                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435483                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435572                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435667                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435573                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435482                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435483                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435661                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435483                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435483                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435757                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435577                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435937                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            435667                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433012                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433008                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433009                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433009                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433008                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433013                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433008                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433009                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433009                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433006                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433008                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433009                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433013                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433012                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433013                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            433012                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*writeReqs" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Queuing Latency by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91650648500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91780204000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91668477000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91822325500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91768558500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91827606600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91951216500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91683239400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91938011200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91874560400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91727395300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91908976500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91942753600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91833060000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91971982000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91872313600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91411189400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91662018900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91378601500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91625660100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91461107300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91579343400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91709737300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91442262300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91633869500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91530577300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91488369600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91559310700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91524216300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91551600100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91503211500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         91577801800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totQLat" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Bus Latency by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17661747200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17661728000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17661990400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17661392000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17667862400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17673056000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17668905600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17661644800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17661712000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17677248000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17661740800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17661238400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17679248000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17667984000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17690627200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17673737600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17572310400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17570720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17572012800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17569868800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17571216000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17571315200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17572732800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17570569600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17570668800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17559363200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17570572800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17570598400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17571840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17570476800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17571030400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       17571744000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totBusLat" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Access Latency by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163953426100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164082903000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163972250200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164123649000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164096370200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164176679600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164283298800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163985597800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164240644700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164240794400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164030146700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164209671200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164317175100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164161369500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164392987100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   164224176900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163347835100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163592153900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163314028900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163552310500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163393272800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163511915000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163648112200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163371781600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163563794900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163414220400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163417902000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163488947900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163458936300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163480739500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163434617200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   163512128800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totMemAccLat " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Read Hit Rate by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*readRowHitRate " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Write Hit Rate by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        55.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*writeRowHitRate " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath
