
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               27336438429000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 335845                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               43480784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   673720                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  7112.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             3843602872                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  2388592371                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4791623982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                 27.336438                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                27336438429000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu00.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu00.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu00.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.numCycles                         896886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                14.713045                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu00.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles             896871.286955                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu00.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu00.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu00.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu01.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu01.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu01.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.numCycles                         898730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                14.773607                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu01.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles             898715.226393                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu01.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu01.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu01.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu02.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu02.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu02.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.numCycles                         898670                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                14.771635                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu02.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles             898655.228365                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu02.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu02.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu02.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu03.Branches                       541247423                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu03.committedInsts                2388511206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                  4791476967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.dtb.rdAccesses                 746692569                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.rdMisses                       10211                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrAccesses                 454172818                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.dtb.wrMisses                        7843                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                   0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrAccesses                3148421675                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu03.itb.wrMisses                         304                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction               1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.numCycles                    54672876858                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles             54672876857.998001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_reads         2280923580                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu03.num_cc_register_writes        1228591226                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts    322793706                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses             56349919                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                    56349919                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads           96101499                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes          49002923                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                 133011782                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                 0.001997                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses          4724124107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                 4724124107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads        9772645922                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes       3846467230                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                 746505433                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                  1200277971                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                453772538                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu03.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu03.op_class::No_OpClass            28727294      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntAlu              3461725634     72.25%     72.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntMult                5046778      0.11%     72.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IntDiv                53899303      1.12%     74.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatAdd                516240      0.01%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatCvt                  2640      0.00%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAdd                4527322      0.09%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     74.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAlu                7696823      0.16%     74.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCmp                      6      0.00%     74.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdCvt               11798172      0.25%     74.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMisc              10890495      0.23%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShift              6368285      0.13%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 2      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 2      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     74.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              734490704     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             453502988      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemRead          12014729      0.25%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::FloatMemWrite           269550      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.op_class::total               4791476967                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu03.workload.numSyscalls                2058                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu04.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu04.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu04.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.numCycles                         898494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                14.765849                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu04.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles             898479.234151                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu04.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu04.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu04.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu05.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu05.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu05.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.numCycles                         898000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                14.749617                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu05.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles             897985.250383                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu05.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu05.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu05.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu06.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu06.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu06.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.numCycles                         897012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                14.717179                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu06.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles             896997.282821                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu06.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu06.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu06.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu07.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu07.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu07.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.numCycles                         899008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                14.782748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu07.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles             898993.217252                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu07.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu07.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu07.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu08.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu08.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu08.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.numCycles                         898950                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                14.780841                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu08.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles             898935.219159                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu08.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu08.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu08.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu09.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu09.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu09.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.numCycles                         896348                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                14.695399                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu09.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles             896333.304601                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu09.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu09.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu09.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu10.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu10.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu10.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.numCycles                         896290                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                14.693497                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu10.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles             896275.306503                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu10.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu10.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu10.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu11.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu11.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu11.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.numCycles                         895744                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                14.675601                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu11.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles             895729.324399                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu11.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu11.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu11.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu12.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu12.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu12.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.numCycles                         894630                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                14.639121                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu12.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles             894615.360879                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu12.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu12.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu12.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu13.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu13.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu13.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.numCycles                         894514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                14.635325                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu13.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles             894499.364675                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu13.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu13.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu13.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu14.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu14.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu14.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.numCycles                         898554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                14.767822                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu14.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles             898539.232178                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu14.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu14.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu14.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu15.Branches                            1218                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu15.committedInsts                      5411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                        9801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.dtb.rdAccesses                      1056                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.rdMisses                           9                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrAccesses                       936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.dtb.wrMisses                           7                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                   0.999984                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.itb.rdAccesses                         0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.rdMisses                           0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrAccesses                      6902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu15.itb.wrMisses                          31                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction               0.000016                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.numCycles                         898118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                14.753494                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_reads               6541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu15.num_cc_register_writes              3560                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts          908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                       211                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles             898103.246506                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                9695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                       9695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads             18412                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes             7568                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                      1056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                        1992                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                      936                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_vec_insts                          0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu15.num_vec_register_writes                0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu15.op_class::No_OpClass                   1      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntAlu                    7798     79.56%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntMult                      3      0.03%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IntDiv                       7      0.07%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.op_class::total                     9801                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu15.workload.numSyscalls                  11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu14.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::.cpu14.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total           6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::.cpu14.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total          6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::.cpu14.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::.cpu14.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst    274215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    274215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst    274215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    274215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu14.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu14.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu14.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu14.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst 955452.961672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 955452.961672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst 955452.961672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 955452.961672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.writebacks::total             255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu14.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu14.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst    273928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    273928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst    273928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    273928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu14.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu14.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst 954452.961672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954452.961672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst 954452.961672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954452.961672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                  255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu14.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu14.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst    274215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    274215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu14.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu14.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst 955452.961672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955452.961672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu14.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst    273928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273928000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu14.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.inst 954452.961672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954452.961672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.tags.total_refs              6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.sampled_refs             287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.avg_refs           24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          104000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu14.inst    31.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu14.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.icache.tags.tag_accesses           14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.icache.tags.data_accesses          14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu14.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total           1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu14.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total          1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu14.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu14.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu14.data    166343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    166343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu14.data    166343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    166343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu14.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu14.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu14.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu14.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu14.data 866369.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 866369.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu14.data 866369.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 866369.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu14.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu14.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.data    166151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.data    166151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu14.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu14.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.data 865369.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865369.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.data 865369.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865369.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu14.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu14.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu14.data     90066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu14.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu14.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu14.data 874427.184466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 874427.184466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu14.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.data     89963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu14.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.data 873427.184466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873427.184466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu14.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu14.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu14.data     76277000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76277000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu14.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu14.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu14.data 857044.943820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857044.943820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu14.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.data     76188000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76188000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu14.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu14.data 856044.943820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856044.943820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.total_refs              1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.avg_refs           10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          573000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu14.data    31.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu14.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::.cpu15.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total           6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::.cpu15.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total          6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::.cpu15.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::.cpu15.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst    272174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    272174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst    272174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    272174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu15.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu15.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu15.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu15.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst 948341.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948341.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst 948341.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948341.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.writebacks::total             255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu15.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu15.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst    271887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    271887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst    271887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    271887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu15.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu15.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst 947341.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947341.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst 947341.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947341.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                  255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu15.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu15.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst    272174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu15.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu15.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst 948341.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948341.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu15.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst    271887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu15.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.inst 947341.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947341.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.tags.total_refs              6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.sampled_refs             287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.avg_refs           24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           74000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu15.inst    31.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu15.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.icache.tags.tag_accesses           14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.icache.tags.data_accesses          14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu15.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total           1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu15.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total          1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu15.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu15.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu15.data    168166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    168166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu15.data    168166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    168166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu15.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu15.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu15.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu15.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu15.data 875864.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 875864.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu15.data 875864.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 875864.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu15.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu15.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.data    167974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.data    167974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu15.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu15.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.data 874864.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874864.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.data 874864.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874864.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu15.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu15.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu15.data     92558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu15.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu15.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu15.data 898621.359223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 898621.359223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu15.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.data     92455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu15.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.data 897621.359223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 897621.359223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu15.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu15.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu15.data     75608000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75608000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu15.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu15.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu15.data 849528.089888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849528.089888                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu15.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.data     75519000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75519000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu15.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu15.data 848528.089888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848528.089888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.total_refs              1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.avg_refs           10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          543000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu15.data    31.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu15.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::.cpu10.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total           6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::.cpu10.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total          6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::.cpu10.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::.cpu10.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst    270945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    270945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst    270945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    270945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu10.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu10.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu10.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu10.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst 944059.233449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944059.233449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst 944059.233449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944059.233449                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.writebacks::total             255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu10.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu10.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst    270658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    270658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst    270658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    270658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu10.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu10.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst 943059.233449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943059.233449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst 943059.233449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943059.233449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                  255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu10.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu10.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst    270945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    270945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu10.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu10.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst 944059.233449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944059.233449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu10.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst    270658000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270658000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu10.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.inst 943059.233449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943059.233449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.tags.total_refs              6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.sampled_refs             287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.avg_refs           24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          221000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu10.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu10.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.icache.tags.tag_accesses           14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.icache.tags.data_accesses          14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu10.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total           1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu10.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total          1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu10.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu10.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu10.data    168481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    168481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu10.data    168481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    168481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu10.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu10.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu10.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu10.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu10.data 877505.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877505.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu10.data 877505.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877505.208333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu10.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu10.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.data    168289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    168289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.data    168289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    168289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu10.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu10.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.data 876505.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876505.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.data 876505.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876505.208333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu10.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu10.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu10.data     92982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu10.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu10.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu10.data 902737.864078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902737.864078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu10.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.data     92879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu10.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.data 901737.864078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 901737.864078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu10.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu10.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu10.data     75499000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75499000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu10.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu10.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu10.data 848303.370787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848303.370787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu10.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.data     75410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75410000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu10.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu10.data 847303.370787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847303.370787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.total_refs              1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.avg_refs           10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          690000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu10.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu10.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::.cpu11.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total           6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::.cpu11.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total          6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::.cpu11.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::.cpu11.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst    269907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    269907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst    269907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    269907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu11.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu11.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu11.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu11.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst 940442.508711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940442.508711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst 940442.508711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940442.508711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.writebacks::total             255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu11.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu11.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst    269620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    269620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst    269620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    269620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu11.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu11.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst 939442.508711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939442.508711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst 939442.508711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939442.508711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                  255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu11.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu11.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst    269907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu11.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu11.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst 940442.508711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940442.508711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu11.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst    269620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu11.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.inst 939442.508711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939442.508711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.tags.total_refs              6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.sampled_refs             287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.avg_refs           24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          192000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu11.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu11.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.icache.tags.tag_accesses           14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.icache.tags.data_accesses          14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu11.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total           1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu11.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total          1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu11.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu11.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu11.data    169246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    169246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu11.data    169246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    169246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu11.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu11.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu11.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu11.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu11.data 881489.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 881489.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu11.data 881489.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 881489.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu11.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu11.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.data    169054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.data    169054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu11.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu11.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.data 880489.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880489.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.data 880489.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880489.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu11.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu11.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu11.data     93088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu11.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu11.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu11.data 903766.990291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903766.990291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu11.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.data     92985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu11.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.data 902766.990291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 902766.990291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu11.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu11.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu11.data     76158000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76158000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu11.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu11.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu11.data 855707.865169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855707.865169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu11.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.data     76069000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76069000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu11.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu11.data 854707.865169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854707.865169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.total_refs              1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.avg_refs           10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          660000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu11.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu11.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::.cpu12.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total           6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::.cpu12.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total          6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::.cpu12.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::.cpu12.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst    269712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    269712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst    269712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    269712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu12.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu12.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu12.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu12.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst 939763.066202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939763.066202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst 939763.066202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939763.066202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.writebacks::total             255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu12.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu12.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst    269425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    269425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst    269425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    269425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu12.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu12.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst 938763.066202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 938763.066202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst 938763.066202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 938763.066202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                  255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu12.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu12.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst    269712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu12.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu12.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst 939763.066202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939763.066202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu12.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst    269425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu12.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.inst 938763.066202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 938763.066202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.tags.total_refs              6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.sampled_refs             287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.avg_refs           24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          162000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu12.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu12.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.icache.tags.tag_accesses           14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.icache.tags.data_accesses          14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu12.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total           1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu12.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total          1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu12.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu12.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu12.data    168884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    168884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu12.data    168884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    168884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu12.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu12.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu12.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu12.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu12.data 879604.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879604.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu12.data 879604.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879604.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu12.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu12.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.data    168692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    168692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.data    168692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    168692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu12.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu12.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.data 878604.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878604.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.data 878604.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878604.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu12.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu12.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu12.data     92376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu12.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu12.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu12.data 896854.368932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 896854.368932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu12.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.data     92273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu12.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.data 895854.368932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 895854.368932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu12.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu12.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu12.data     76508000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76508000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu12.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu12.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu12.data 859640.449438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859640.449438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu12.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.data     76419000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76419000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu12.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu12.data 858640.449438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858640.449438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.total_refs              1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.avg_refs           10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          631000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu12.data    31.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu12.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.numPwrStateTransitions                 1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::.cpu13.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total           6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::.cpu13.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total          6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::.cpu13.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::.cpu13.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst    268846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    268846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst    268846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    268846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu13.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu13.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu13.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu13.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst 936745.644599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 936745.644599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst 936745.644599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 936745.644599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.writebacks::total             255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu13.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu13.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst    268559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    268559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst    268559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    268559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu13.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu13.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst 935745.644599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935745.644599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst 935745.644599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935745.644599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                  255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu13.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu13.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst    268846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    268846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu13.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu13.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst 936745.644599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936745.644599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu13.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst    268559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu13.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.inst 935745.644599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 935745.644599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.tags.total_refs              6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.sampled_refs             287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.avg_refs           24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          133000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu13.inst    31.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu13.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.icache.tags.tag_accesses           14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.icache.tags.data_accesses          14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu13.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total           1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu13.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total          1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu13.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu13.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu13.data    169692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    169692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu13.data    169692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    169692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu13.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu13.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu13.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu13.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu13.data 883812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu13.data 883812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883812.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu13.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu13.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.data    169500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.data    169500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu13.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu13.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.data 882812.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882812.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.data 882812.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 882812.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu13.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu13.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu13.data     93195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu13.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu13.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu13.data 904805.825243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904805.825243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu13.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.data     93092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu13.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.data 903805.825243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903805.825243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu13.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu13.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu13.data     76497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu13.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu13.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu13.data 859516.853933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859516.853933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu13.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.data     76408000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76408000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu13.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu13.data 858516.853933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858516.853933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          31.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.total_refs              1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.avg_refs           10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          602000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu13.data    31.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu13.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.tags.data_accesses           4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.icache.demand_hits::.cpu08.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu8.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu8.icache.overall_hits::.cpu08.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu8.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu8.icache.demand_misses::.cpu08.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_misses::.cpu08.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst    274746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    274746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst    274746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    274746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu08.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu08.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu08.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu08.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst 957303.135889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957303.135889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst 957303.135889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957303.135889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu8.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu8.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu08.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu08.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst    274459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst    274459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu08.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu08.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu8.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu8.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst 956303.135889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956303.135889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst 956303.135889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956303.135889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu08.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu08.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst    274746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    274746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu08.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu08.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst 957303.135889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957303.135889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu08.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst    274459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu08.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.inst 956303.135889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 956303.135889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu8.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           280000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu8.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu08.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu8.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu08.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu8.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu8.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu8.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu8.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu8.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu8.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu8.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu8.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu8.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu8.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu08.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu08.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu08.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu08.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu08.data    166010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    166010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu08.data    166010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    166010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu08.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu08.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu08.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu08.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu08.data 864635.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864635.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu08.data 864635.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864635.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu8.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu8.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu08.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu08.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.data    165818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.data    165818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu08.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu08.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.data 863635.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863635.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.data 863635.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863635.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu08.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu08.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu08.data     90855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu08.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu08.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu08.data 882087.378641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882087.378641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu08.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.data     90752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu08.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.data 881087.378641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881087.378641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu08.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu08.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu08.data     75155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75155000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu08.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu08.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu08.data 844438.202247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844438.202247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu08.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.data     75066000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75066000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu08.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu08.data 843438.202247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843438.202247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           748000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu08.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu08.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu8.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu9.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.icache.demand_hits::.cpu09.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu9.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu9.icache.overall_hits::.cpu09.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu9.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu9.icache.demand_misses::.cpu09.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_misses::.cpu09.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst    272409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    272409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst    272409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    272409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu09.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu09.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu09.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu09.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst 949160.278746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949160.278746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst 949160.278746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949160.278746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu9.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu9.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu09.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu09.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst    272122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    272122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst    272122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    272122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu09.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu09.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu9.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu9.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst 948160.278746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948160.278746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst 948160.278746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948160.278746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu09.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu09.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst    272409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu09.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu09.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst 949160.278746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949160.278746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu09.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst    272122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu09.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.inst 948160.278746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948160.278746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu9.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           250000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu9.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu09.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu9.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu09.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu9.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu9.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu9.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu9.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu9.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu9.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu9.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu9.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu9.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu9.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu09.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu09.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu09.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu09.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu09.data    167046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    167046000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu09.data    167046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    167046000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu09.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu09.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu09.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu09.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu09.data 870031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 870031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu09.data 870031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 870031.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu9.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu9.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu09.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu09.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.data    166854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.data    166854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu09.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu09.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.data 869031.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869031.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.data 869031.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869031.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu09.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu09.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu09.data     91835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu09.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu09.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu09.data 891601.941748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891601.941748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu09.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.data     91732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu09.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.data 890601.941748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 890601.941748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu09.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu09.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu09.data     75211000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75211000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu09.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu09.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu09.data 845067.415730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845067.415730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu09.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.data     75122000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75122000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu09.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu09.data 844067.415730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844067.415730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           719000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu09.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu09.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu9.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::.cpu06.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::.cpu06.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::.cpu06.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::.cpu06.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst    275924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    275924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst    275924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    275924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu06.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu06.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu06.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu06.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst 961407.665505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961407.665505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst 961407.665505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961407.665505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu06.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu06.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst    275637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst    275637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    275637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu06.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu06.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst 960407.665505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960407.665505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst 960407.665505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960407.665505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu06.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu06.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst    275924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    275924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu06.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu06.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst 961407.665505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961407.665505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu06.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst    275637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu06.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.inst 960407.665505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 960407.665505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           338000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu06.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu06.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu06.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu06.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu06.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu06.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu06.data    163863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    163863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu06.data    163863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    163863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu06.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu06.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu06.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu06.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu06.data 853453.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853453.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu06.data 853453.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853453.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu06.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu06.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.data    163671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.data    163671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu06.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu06.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.data 852453.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852453.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.data 852453.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852453.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu06.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu06.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu06.data     90306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu06.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu06.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu06.data 876757.281553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876757.281553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu06.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.data     90203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu06.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.data 875757.281553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875757.281553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu06.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu06.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu06.data     73557000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73557000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu06.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu06.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu06.data 826483.146067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826483.146067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu06.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.data     73468000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73468000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu06.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu06.data 825483.146067                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825483.146067                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           807000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu06.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu06.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::.cpu07.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::.cpu07.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::.cpu07.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::.cpu07.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst    276098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    276098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst    276098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    276098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu07.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu07.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu07.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu07.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst 962013.937282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962013.937282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst 962013.937282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962013.937282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu07.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu07.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst    275811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst    275811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    275811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu07.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu07.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst 961013.937282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961013.937282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst 961013.937282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961013.937282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu07.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu07.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst    276098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    276098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu07.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu07.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst 962013.937282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962013.937282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu07.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst    275811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu07.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.inst 961013.937282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961013.937282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           309000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu07.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu07.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu07.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu07.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu07.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu07.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu07.data    164687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    164687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu07.data    164687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    164687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu07.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu07.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu07.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu07.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu07.data 857744.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 857744.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu07.data 857744.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 857744.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu07.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu07.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.data    164495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    164495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.data    164495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    164495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu07.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu07.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.data 856744.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856744.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.data 856744.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856744.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu07.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu07.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu07.data     89648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu07.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu07.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu07.data 870368.932039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 870368.932039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu07.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.data     89545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu07.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.data 869368.932039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869368.932039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu07.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu07.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu07.data     75039000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75039000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu07.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu07.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu07.data 843134.831461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843134.831461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu07.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.data     74950000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74950000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu07.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu07.data 842134.831461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842134.831461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           778000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu07.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu07.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::.cpu04.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::.cpu04.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::.cpu04.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::.cpu04.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst    276721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    276721000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst    276721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    276721000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu04.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu04.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu04.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu04.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst 964184.668990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 964184.668990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst 964184.668990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 964184.668990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu04.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu04.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst    276434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    276434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst    276434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    276434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu04.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu04.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst 963184.668990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963184.668990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst 963184.668990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963184.668990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu04.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu04.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst    276721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    276721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu04.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu04.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst 964184.668990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964184.668990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu04.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst    276434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu04.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.inst 963184.668990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 963184.668990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           397000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu04.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu04.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu04.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu04.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu04.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu04.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu04.data    163807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    163807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu04.data    163807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    163807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu04.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu04.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu04.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu04.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu04.data 853161.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853161.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu04.data 853161.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853161.458333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu04.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu04.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.data    163615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.data    163615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu04.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu04.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.data 852161.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852161.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.data 852161.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852161.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu04.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu04.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu04.data     89628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu04.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu04.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu04.data 870174.757282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 870174.757282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu04.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.data     89525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu04.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.data 869174.757282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869174.757282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu04.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu04.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu04.data     74179000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74179000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu04.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu04.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu04.data 833471.910112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 833471.910112                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu04.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.data     74090000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74090000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu04.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu04.data 832471.910112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832471.910112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           866000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu04.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu04.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::.cpu05.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::.cpu05.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::.cpu05.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::.cpu05.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst    276099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    276099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst    276099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    276099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu05.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu05.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu05.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu05.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst 962017.421603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962017.421603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst 962017.421603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962017.421603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu05.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu05.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst    275812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    275812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst    275812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    275812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu05.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu05.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst 961017.421603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961017.421603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst 961017.421603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961017.421603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu05.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu05.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst    276099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    276099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu05.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu05.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst 962017.421603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962017.421603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu05.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst    275812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu05.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.inst 961017.421603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961017.421603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           367000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu05.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu05.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu05.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu05.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu05.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu05.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu05.data    164182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    164182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu05.data    164182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    164182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu05.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu05.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu05.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu05.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu05.data 855114.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855114.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu05.data 855114.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855114.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu05.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu05.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.data    163990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.data    163990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu05.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu05.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.data 854114.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854114.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.data 854114.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854114.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu05.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu05.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu05.data     90633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu05.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu05.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu05.data 879932.038835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 879932.038835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu05.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.data     90530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu05.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.data 878932.038835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878932.038835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu05.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu05.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu05.data     73549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu05.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu05.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu05.data 826393.258427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826393.258427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu05.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.data     73460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu05.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu05.data 825393.258427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825393.258427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           836000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu05.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu05.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu02.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu02.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu02.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu02.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst    278429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    278429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst    278429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    278429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu02.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu02.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu02.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu02.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst 970135.888502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 970135.888502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst 970135.888502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 970135.888502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu02.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu02.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst    278142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    278142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst    278142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    278142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu02.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu02.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst 969135.888502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969135.888502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst 969135.888502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969135.888502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu02.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu02.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst    278429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    278429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu02.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu02.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst 970135.888502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970135.888502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu02.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst    278142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu02.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.inst 969135.888502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969135.888502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           455000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu02.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu02.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu02.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu02.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu02.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu02.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu02.data    162187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    162187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu02.data    162187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    162187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu02.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu02.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu02.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu02.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu02.data 844723.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 844723.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu02.data 844723.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 844723.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu02.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu02.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.data    161995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.data    161995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu02.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu02.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.data 843723.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843723.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.data 843723.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843723.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu02.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu02.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu02.data     89330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu02.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu02.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu02.data 867281.553398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867281.553398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu02.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.data     89227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu02.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.data 866281.553398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866281.553398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu02.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu02.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu02.data     72857000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72857000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu02.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu02.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu02.data 818617.977528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818617.977528                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu02.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.data     72768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu02.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu02.data 817617.977528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 817617.977528                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           924000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu02.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu02.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu03.inst   2952829089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      2952829089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu03.inst   2952829089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     2952829089                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu03.inst    195592586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total     195592586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu03.inst    195592586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total    195592586                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 12933665976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 12933665976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 12933665976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 12933665976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu03.inst   3148421675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   3148421675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu03.inst   3148421675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   3148421675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu03.inst     0.062124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu03.inst     0.062124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 66125.543102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66125.543102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 66125.543102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66125.543102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::.writebacks    195592554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total        195592554                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu03.inst    195592586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total    195592586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu03.inst    195592586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total    195592586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 12738073390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 12738073390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 12738073390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 12738073390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu03.inst     0.062124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu03.inst     0.062124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 65125.543102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65125.543102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 65125.543102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65125.543102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.replacements             195592554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu03.inst   2952829089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     2952829089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu03.inst    195592586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total    195592586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 12933665976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 12933665976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu03.inst   3148421675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   3148421675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu03.inst     0.062124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 66125.543102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66125.543102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu03.inst    195592586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    195592586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 12738073390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 12738073390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu03.inst     0.062124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.inst 65125.543102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65125.543102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         3148421675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs        195592586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs            16.096835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           426000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu03.inst    31.999960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu03.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       6492435936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      6492435936                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu03.data   1050668492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total      1050668492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu03.data   1050668492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total     1050668492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu03.data    150196895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total     150196895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu03.data    150196895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total    150196895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 10269097824500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 10269097824500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 10269097824500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 10269097824500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu03.data   1200865387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1200865387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu03.data   1200865387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1200865387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu03.data     0.125074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu03.data     0.125074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 68370.906233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68370.906233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 68370.906233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68370.906233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     33903693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         33903693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu03.data    150196895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    150196895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu03.data    150196895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    150196895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 10118900929500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 10118900929500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 10118900929500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 10118900929500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu03.data     0.125074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu03.data     0.125074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 67370.906233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67370.906233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 67370.906233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67370.906233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements             150196863                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu03.data    618425575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      618425575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu03.data    128266994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total    128266994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 9185472149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 9185472149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu03.data    746692569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    746692569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu03.data     0.171780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 71612.126105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71612.126105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu03.data    128266994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    128266994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 9057205155500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 9057205155500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu03.data     0.171780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 70612.126105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70612.126105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu03.data    432242917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     432242917                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu03.data     21929901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     21929901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 1083625675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1083625675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu03.data    454172818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    454172818                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu03.data     0.048285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 49413.158545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49413.158545                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu03.data     21929901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     21929901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 1061695774000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1061695774000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu03.data     0.048285                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048285                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu03.data 48413.158545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48413.158545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs         1200865387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs        150196895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.995274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           895000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu03.data    31.999984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu03.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       2551927669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      2551927669                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu00.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu00.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu00.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu00.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst    272603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    272603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst    272603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    272603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu00.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu00.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 949836.236934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 949836.236934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 949836.236934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 949836.236934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst    272316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    272316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst    272316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    272316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 948836.236934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948836.236934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 948836.236934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948836.236934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu00.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu00.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst    272603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu00.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 949836.236934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949836.236934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst    272316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.inst 948836.236934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948836.236934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            48000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu00.inst    31.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu00.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu00.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu00.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu00.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu00.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu00.data    167121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    167121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu00.data    167121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    167121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu00.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu00.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 870421.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 870421.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 870421.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 870421.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data    166929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data    166929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 869421.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869421.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 869421.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869421.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu00.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu00.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.data     91346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu00.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 886854.368932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886854.368932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data     91243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 885854.368932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885854.368932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu00.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu00.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu00.data     75775000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75775000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu00.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 851404.494382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851404.494382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu00.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data     75686000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75686000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu00.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu00.data 850404.494382                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850404.494382                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           510000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu00.data    31.999981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu00.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu01.inst         6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total            6615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu01.inst         6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total           6615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu01.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu01.inst          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst    278541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    278541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst    278541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    278541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu01.inst         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total         6902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu01.inst         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total         6902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu01.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu01.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst 970526.132404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 970526.132404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst 970526.132404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 970526.132404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              255                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu01.inst          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu01.inst          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst    278254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    278254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst    278254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    278254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu01.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu01.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst 969526.132404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969526.132404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst 969526.132404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969526.132404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   255                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu01.inst         6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           6615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu01.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst    278541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    278541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu01.inst         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu01.inst     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst 970526.132404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970526.132404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu01.inst          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst    278254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    278254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu01.inst     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.inst 969526.132404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969526.132404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs               6902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.048780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           485000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu01.inst    31.999976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu01.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses            14091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses           14091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu01.data         1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total            1800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu01.data         1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total           1800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu01.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu01.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu01.data    162105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    162105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu01.data    162105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    162105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu01.data         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total         1992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu01.data         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu01.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu01.data     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu01.data 844296.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 844296.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu01.data 844296.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 844296.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu01.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu01.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.data    161913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.data    161913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu01.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu01.data     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.data 843296.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843296.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.data 843296.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843296.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                   160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu01.data          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu01.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu01.data     89187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu01.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu01.data     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu01.data 865893.203883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865893.203883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu01.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.data     89084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu01.data     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.data 864893.203883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864893.203883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu01.data          847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu01.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu01.data     72918000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72918000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu01.data          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          936                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu01.data     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu01.data 819303.370787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819303.370787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu01.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.data     72829000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72829000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu01.data     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095085                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu01.data 818303.370787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 818303.370787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           31.999980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs               1992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           953000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu01.data    31.999980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu01.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             4176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses            4176                       # Number of data accesses
system.hmc_dev.buffers53.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers52.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers51.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers50.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers57.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers56.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers55.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers54.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers59.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers58.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers219.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers159.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers158.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers153.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers152.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers151.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers150.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers157.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers156.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers155.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers154.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers44.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers45.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers46.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers47.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers40.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers41.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers42.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers43.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers48.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers49.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers83.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_count::total           1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers180.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size_system.cpu12.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.pkt_size::total           53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar12.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_count::total           1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers195.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size_system.cpu13.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.pkt_size::total           53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar13.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_count::total           1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers150.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size_system.cpu10.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.pkt_size::total           53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar10.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_count::total           1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers165.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size_system.cpu11.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.pkt_size::total           53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar11.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_count::total           1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers210.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size_system.cpu14.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.pkt_size::total           53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar14.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers128.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers129.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers126.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers127.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers124.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers125.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers122.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers123.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers120.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers121.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers88.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers89.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers91.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_count::total            1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers075.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size_system.cpu05.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.pkt_size::total            53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar5.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers31.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers30.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers33.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers32.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers35.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers34.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers37.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers36.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers39.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers38.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_count::total            1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers090.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size_system.cpu06.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.pkt_size::total            53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar6.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadResp    323859580                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33903693                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::WritebackClean    195592554                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::CleanEvict    116293170                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadExReq     21929901                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadExResp     21929901                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq    195592586                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    128266994                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave    586777726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::total    586777726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave    450590653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::total    450590653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_count::total      1037368379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave  25035848960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.icache.mem_side::total  25035848960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers045.slave  11782437632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size_system.cpu03.dcache.mem_side::total  11782437632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.pkt_size::total      36818286592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer15.occupancy 586777758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer15.utilization          2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.reqLayer0.occupancy 1150664959500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.reqLayer0.utilization          4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer16.occupancy 450590685000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar3.respLayer16.utilization          1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers139.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers138.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers135.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers134.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers137.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers136.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers131.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers130.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers133.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers132.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers232.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers233.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers230.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers231.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers236.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers237.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers234.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers235.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers238.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers239.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers22.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers23.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers20.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers21.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers26.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers27.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers24.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers25.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers28.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers29.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_count::total            1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers120.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size_system.cpu08.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.pkt_size::total            53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar8.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers100.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers101.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers102.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers103.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers104.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers105.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers106.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers107.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers108.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers109.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu00.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu00.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu01.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu01.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu02.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu02.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu03.inst  12517925504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu03.data   9612601280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu04.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu04.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu05.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu05.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu06.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu06.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu07.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu07.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu08.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu08.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu09.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu09.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu10.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu10.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu11.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu11.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu12.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu12.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu13.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu13.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu14.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu14.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu15.inst        18368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu15.data        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total  22130986624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu00.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu01.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu02.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu03.inst  12517925504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu04.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu05.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu06.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu07.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu08.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu09.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu10.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu11.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu12.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu13.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu14.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu15.inst        18368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total  12518201024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.writebacks   2169934272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total   2169934272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu00.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu00.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu01.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu01.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu02.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu02.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu03.inst    195592586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu03.data    150196895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu04.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu04.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu05.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu05.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu06.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu06.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu07.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu07.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu08.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu08.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu09.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu09.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu10.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu10.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu11.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu11.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu12.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu12.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu13.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu13.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu14.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu14.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu15.inst          287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu15.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total    345796666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.writebacks     33905223                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total     33905223                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu00.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu00.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu01.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu01.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu02.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu02.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu03.inst    457920864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu03.data    351640588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu04.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu04.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu05.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu05.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu06.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu06.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu07.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu07.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu08.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu08.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu09.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu09.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu10.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu10.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu11.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu11.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu12.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu12.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu13.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu13.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu14.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu14.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu15.inst          672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu15.data          450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total    809578273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu00.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu01.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu02.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu03.inst    457920864                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu04.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu05.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu06.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu07.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu08.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu09.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu10.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu11.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu12.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu13.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu14.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu15.inst          672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total    457930943                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.writebacks     79378822                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total     79378822                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.writebacks     79378822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu00.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu00.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu01.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu01.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu02.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu02.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu03.inst    457920864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu03.data    351640588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu04.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu04.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu05.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu05.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu06.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu06.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu07.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu07.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu08.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu08.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu09.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu09.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu10.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu10.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu11.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu11.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu12.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu12.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu13.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu13.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu14.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu14.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu15.inst          672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu15.data          450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total    888957095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples 451515311.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu00.inst::samples       568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu00.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu01.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu01.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu02.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu02.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu03.inst::samples 361061154.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu03.data::samples 272587589.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu04.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu04.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu05.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu05.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu06.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu06.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu07.inst::samples       568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu07.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu08.inst::samples       568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu08.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu09.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu09.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu10.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu10.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu11.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu11.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu12.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu12.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu13.inst::samples       566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu13.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu14.inst::samples       568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu14.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu15.inst::samples       568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu15.data::samples       382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency 0.000000013100                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency 0.014680929300                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds     55625398                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds     55625398                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState   1130420354                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState    397216356                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs          345796666                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         229501602                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readBursts        691593332                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts       459003204                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ      57930359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts      7487893                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0    317177924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1    316485049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0    225829038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1    225686258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen              1.99                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen             15.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        20791674739200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      2027721513600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   29092659685500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat            32811.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat           3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat       45911.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits            1479                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits       98476903                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        21.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5    691593332                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5    459003204                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0      317754908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1      315892879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2              1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3              2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4              2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5              1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6              1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7              1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8              1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9              2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10             4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11             9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12            10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13            11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14             8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15             4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16             8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17             7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18             9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19            10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20             9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21            23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22            73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23           162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24           331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25           708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26           992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27          1820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28          3187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29          4139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30          2957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31           694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6              1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7        2379860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8        2987569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9       30440700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10      53987344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11      55202335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12      56106271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13      55969120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14      56716526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15      56795394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16      56012584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17      24878609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18         19369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19          8289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20            60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21            58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22           245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23           248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24          1413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25          1496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26          1511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27          3809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28          2404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29            45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30            35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31            10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples    986699887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    35.193786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    34.081626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    12.005225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63    906875652     91.91%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-95     66724728      6.76%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::96-127      8338482      0.85%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-159      4029091      0.41%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::160-191       705489      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::192-223         4822      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255         8010      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287        13613      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total    986699887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples     55625398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    11.391612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.759270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095     55625394    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total     55625398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples     55625398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     8.117071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     8.104343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.493283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8     52274790     93.98%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::9       722952      1.30%     95.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::10      2228068      4.01%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::11       327913      0.59%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12         9556      0.02%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::13        61713      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::14          356      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::15           42      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total     55625398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM   20277215136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ     1853771488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten    14448489472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys    22130986624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys  14688102528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW              741.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW              528.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys           809.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys           537.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtil               12.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead            7.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite           5.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totGap         27336438376000                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.avgGap             47516.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu00.inst        18176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu00.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu01.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu01.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu02.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu02.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu03.inst  11553956928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu03.data   8722802848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu04.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu04.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu05.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu05.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu06.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu06.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu07.inst        18176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu07.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu08.inst        18176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu08.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu09.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu09.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu10.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu10.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu11.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu11.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu12.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu12.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu13.inst        18112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu13.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu14.inst        18176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu14.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu15.inst        18176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu15.data        12224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks  14448489472                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu00.inst 664.900076401976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu00.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu01.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu01.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu02.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu02.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu03.inst 422657726.902087032795                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu03.data 319090684.423116743565                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu04.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu04.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu05.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu05.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu06.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu06.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu07.inst 664.900076401976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu07.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu08.inst 664.900076401976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu08.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu09.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu09.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu10.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu10.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu11.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu11.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu12.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu12.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu13.inst 662.558878949856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu13.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu14.inst 664.900076401976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu14.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu15.inst 664.900076401976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu15.data 447.168713354850                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 528543230.294120728970                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu00.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu00.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu01.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu01.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu02.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu02.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu03.inst    391185172                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu03.data    300393790                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu04.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu04.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu05.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu05.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu06.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu06.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu07.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu07.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu08.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu08.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu09.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu09.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu10.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu10.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu11.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu11.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu12.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu12.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu13.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu13.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu14.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu14.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu15.inst          574                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu15.data          384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks    459003204                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu00.inst    518774300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu00.data    313917100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu01.inst    523233800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu01.data    300473800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu02.inst    526239000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu02.data    301168600                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu03.inst 16201256765300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu03.data 12879014245900                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu04.inst    521943200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu04.data    304378800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu05.inst    522866200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu05.data    306212200                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu06.inst    520308700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu06.data    304058100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu07.inst    519062600                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu07.data    306429100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu08.inst    521186300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu08.data    309753000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu09.inst    513366900                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu09.data    310803100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu10.inst    508678400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu10.data    313338100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu11.inst    509042800                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu11.data    313532300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu12.inst    506819500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu12.data    315029700                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu13.inst    508224000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu13.data    315524300                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu14.inst    518356400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu14.data    310524100                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu15.inst    514456400                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu15.data    310973500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 348375435508400                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu00.inst    903787.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu00.data    817492.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu01.inst    911557.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu01.data    782483.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu02.inst    916792.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu02.data    784293.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu03.inst     41415.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu03.data     42873.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu04.inst    909308.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu04.data    792653.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu05.inst    910916.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu05.data    797427.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu06.inst    906461.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu06.data    791817.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu07.inst    904290.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu07.data    797992.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu08.inst    907990.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu08.data    806648.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu09.inst    894367.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu09.data    809383.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu10.inst    886199.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu10.data    815984.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu11.inst    886834.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu11.data    816490.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu12.inst    882960.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu12.data    820389.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu13.inst    885407.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu13.data    821677.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu14.inst    903059.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu14.data    808656.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu15.inst    896265.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu15.data    809826.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks    758982.58                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate            9.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actEnergy 543474297760.952576                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preEnergy 272329168812                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.readEnergy 361948290178.556885                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.writeEnergy 188552787608.271301                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actBackEnergy 862792904522.033203                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.preBackEnergy 585586598707.216431                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalEnergy 2937545256551.177734                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.averagePower   107.458960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 9049097813200                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 17872971284800                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers98.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers188.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers189.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers223.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers222.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers225.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers224.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers227.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers226.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers180.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers181.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers182.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers183.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers184.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers185.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers186.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers187.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers17.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers16.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers14.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers13.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers11.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadResp    323865430                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     33905223                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::WritebackClean    195596379                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::CleanEvict    116294040                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadExReq     21931236                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadExResp     21931236                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq    195596891                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    128268539                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port   1037368379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::total   1037368379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::total         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_count::total      1037388974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers015.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers030.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port  36818286592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers045.master::total  36818286592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers060.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers075.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers090.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers105.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers120.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers135.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers150.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers165.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers180.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers195.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers210.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.hmc_dev.buffers225.master::total        53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls00.port        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size_system.cpu00.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.pkt_size::total      36819089152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer11.occupancy      1644700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer11.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer10.occupancy      1652100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer10.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer13.occupancy      1663100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer13.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer12.occupancy      1649900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer12.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer14.occupancy      1649400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer14.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer17.occupancy       660100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer17.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.reqLayer15.occupancy 1150689084200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.reqLayer15.utilization          4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer16.occupancy       985700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer9.occupancy      1651200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer9.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer8.occupancy      1659500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer8.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer5.occupancy      1648900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer5.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer4.occupancy      1655300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer7.occupancy      1655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer7.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer6.occupancy      1646100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer6.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer1.occupancy      1644300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer0.occupancy      1639400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer3.occupancy      1656600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer2.occupancy 1189781481400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar0.respLayer2.utilization          4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_count::total            1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers015.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size_system.cpu01.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.pkt_size::total            53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar1.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_count::total            1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers030.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size_system.cpu02.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.pkt_size::total            53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar2.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers90.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_count::total            1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers060.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size_system.cpu04.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.pkt_size::total            53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar4.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ            0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen             0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen             0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat              nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat           nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry               0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry               0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits             0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31            0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31            0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM            0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ             0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten             0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys             0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW               0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW               0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys            0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys            0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.peakBW            10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtil               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite          0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totGap                   0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate            nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers19.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers18.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers117.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers116.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers115.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers114.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers113.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers112.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers111.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers110.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers97.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers96.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers95.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers94.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers93.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers92.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers119.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers118.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers214.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers215.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers216.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers217.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers210.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers211.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers199.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers198.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers197.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers196.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers195.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers194.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers193.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers192.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers191.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers190.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers76.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers212.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers213.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_count::total           1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers225.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size_system.cpu15.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.pkt_size::total           53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.clk_domain.clock           1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar15.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers80.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers81.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers209.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers208.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers84.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers85.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers86.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers87.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers203.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers202.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers201.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers200.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers207.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers206.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers205.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers204.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers162.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers163.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers160.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers161.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers166.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers167.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers164.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers165.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers168.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers169.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency 0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState      7023209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState            0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts               0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ             0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts            0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen              0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen              0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                 nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat               nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat            nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits               0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits              0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5            0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5            0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9              0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31             0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9              0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31             0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys             0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys             0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.peakBW             10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead            0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite           0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    0                       # Total gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actEnergy            0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.readEnergy            0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.writeEnergy            0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.refreshEnergy 122861208977.058945                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actBackEnergy 20496533145.748970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.preBackEnergy 1294888806246.320801                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalEnergy 1438246548318.040527                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.averagePower    52.612799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 26922069098000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF 414369331000                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers79.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers78.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers75.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers74.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers77.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers218.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers71.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers70.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers73.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers72.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers99.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers82.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers221.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers220.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_count::total            1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers105.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size_system.cpu07.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.pkt_size::total            53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar7.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers171.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers170.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers173.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers172.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers175.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers174.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers177.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers176.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers179.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers178.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers68.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers69.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers66.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers67.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers64.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers65.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers62.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers63.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers60.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers61.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers229.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers228.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadResp          390                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          102                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::WritebackClean          255                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::CleanEvict           58                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadExReq           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadExResp           89                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          287                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          103                       # Transaction distribution
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::total          829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::total          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_count::total            1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.icache.mem_side::total        34688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::system.hmc_dev.buffers135.slave        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size_system.cpu09.dcache.mem_side::total        18816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.pkt_size::total            53504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer15.occupancy       861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer15.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.reqLayer0.occupancy      1608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.clk_domain.clock            1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer16.occupancy       576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.hmc_dev.xbar9.respLayer16.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.hmc_dev.buffers144.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers145.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers146.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers147.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers140.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers141.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers142.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers143.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers148.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.hmc_dev.buffers149.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 27336438429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
