
Simulation Time in Seconds
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.211127                       # Number of seconds simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_seconds' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Host Time in Seconds
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                   222.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
write_results:grep 'host_seconds' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Simulation Ticks
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                211126810000                       # Number of ticks simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_ticks' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Simulation Operations
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       6401190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_ops' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Memory Reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 878523     14.05%     92.91% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
write_results:grep "system.cpu.*op_class::MemRead" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Memory Writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                401945      6.43%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
write_results:grep "system.cpu.*op_class::MemWrite" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Read Requests by Vault
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls220.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls221.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls212.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls222.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls223.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls224.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls24.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls225.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls226.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls227.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls78.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls79.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls76.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls77.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls74.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls75.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls72.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls73.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls70.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls71.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls118.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls119.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls112.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls113.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls110.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls111.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls116.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls117.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls114.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls115.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls208.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls209.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls206.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls207.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls204.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls205.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls202.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls203.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls200.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls201.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls47.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls46.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls45.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls44.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls43.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls42.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls41.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls40.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls49.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls48.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls255.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls254.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls251.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls250.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls158.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls159.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls156.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls157.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls154.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls155.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls152.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls153.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls150.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls151.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls83.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls82.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls81.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls80.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls87.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls86.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls85.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls84.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls89.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls88.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls18.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls19.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls16.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls17.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            5273792                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs             316046                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls105.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls104.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls107.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls106.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls101.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls100.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls103.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls102.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls109.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls108.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls253.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls219.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls218.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls192.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls193.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls190.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls191.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls196.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls197.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls194.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls195.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls211.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls210.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls198.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls199.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls215.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls214.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls217.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls216.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls213.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls54.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls55.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls56.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls57.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls50.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls51.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls52.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls53.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls58.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls59.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls228.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls229.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls252.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls138.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls139.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls134.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls135.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls136.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls137.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls130.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls131.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls132.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls133.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls149.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls148.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls141.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls140.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls143.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls142.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls145.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls144.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls147.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls146.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls90.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls91.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls92.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls93.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls94.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls95.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls96.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls97.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls98.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls99.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls248.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls249.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls29.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls28.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls25.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls27.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls26.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls21.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls20.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls23.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls166.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls170.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls171.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls172.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls174.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls175.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls176.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls177.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls178.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls179.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls247.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls244.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls245.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls189.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls188.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls185.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls184.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls187.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls186.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls181.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls180.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls183.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls182.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls233.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls232.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls231.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls230.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls237.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls236.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls235.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls234.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls240.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls69.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls68.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls61.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls60.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls63.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls62.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls65.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls64.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls67.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls66.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls239.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls238.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls129.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls128.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls127.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls126.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls125.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls124.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls123.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls122.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls121.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls120.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls242.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls22.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls243.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls241.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls246.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls32.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls33.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls30.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls31.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls36.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls37.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls34.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls35.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls38.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls39.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls163.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls162.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls161.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls160.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls167.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls165.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls164.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls169.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls168.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls173.readReqs                0                       # Number of read requests accepted
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*readReqs" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Write Requests by Vault
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls220.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls221.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls212.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls222.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls223.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls224.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls24.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls225.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls226.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls227.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls78.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls79.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls76.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls77.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls74.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls75.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls72.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls73.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls70.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls71.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls118.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls119.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls112.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls113.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls110.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls111.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls116.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls117.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls114.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls115.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls208.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls209.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls206.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls207.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls204.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls205.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls202.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls203.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls200.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls201.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls47.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls46.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls45.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls44.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls43.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls42.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls41.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls40.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls49.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls48.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls255.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls254.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls251.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls250.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls158.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls159.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls156.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls157.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls154.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls155.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls152.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls153.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls150.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls151.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls83.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls82.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls81.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls80.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls87.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls86.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls85.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls84.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls89.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls88.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls18.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls19.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls16.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls17.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            419592                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs             13415                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls105.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls104.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls107.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls106.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls101.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls100.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls103.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls102.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls109.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls108.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls253.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls219.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls218.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls192.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls193.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls190.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls191.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls196.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls197.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls194.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls195.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls211.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls210.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls198.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls199.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls215.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls214.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls217.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls216.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls213.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls54.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls55.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls56.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls57.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls50.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls51.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls52.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls53.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls58.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls59.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls228.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls229.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls252.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls138.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls139.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls134.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls135.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls136.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls137.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls130.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls131.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls132.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls133.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls149.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls148.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls141.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls140.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls143.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls142.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls145.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls144.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls147.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls146.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls90.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls91.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls92.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls93.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls94.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls95.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls96.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls97.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls98.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls99.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls248.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls249.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls29.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls28.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls25.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls27.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls26.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls21.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls20.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls23.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls166.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls170.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls171.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls172.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls174.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls175.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls176.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls177.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls178.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls179.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls247.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls244.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls245.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls189.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls188.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls185.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls184.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls187.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls186.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls181.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls180.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls183.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls182.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls233.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls232.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls231.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls230.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls237.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls236.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls235.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls234.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls240.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls69.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls68.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls61.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls60.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls63.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls62.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls65.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls64.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls67.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls66.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls239.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls238.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls129.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls128.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls127.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls126.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls125.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls124.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls123.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls122.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls121.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls120.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls242.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls22.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls243.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls241.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls246.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls32.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls33.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls30.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls31.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls36.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls37.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls34.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls35.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls38.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls39.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls163.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls162.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls161.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls160.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls167.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls165.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls164.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls169.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls168.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls173.writeReqs               0                       # Number of write requests accepted
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*writeReqs" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Queuing Latency by Vault
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls220.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls221.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls212.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls222.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls223.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls224.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls24.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls225.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls226.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls227.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls78.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls79.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls76.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls77.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls74.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls75.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls72.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls73.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls70.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls71.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls118.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls119.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls112.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls113.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls110.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls111.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls116.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls117.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls114.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls115.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls208.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls209.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls206.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls207.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls204.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls205.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls202.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls203.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls200.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls201.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls47.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls46.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls45.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls44.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls43.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls42.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls41.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls40.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls49.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls48.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls255.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls254.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls251.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls250.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls158.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls159.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls156.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls157.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls154.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls155.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls152.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls153.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls150.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls151.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls83.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls82.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls81.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls80.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls87.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls86.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls85.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls84.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls89.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls88.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls18.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls19.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls16.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls17.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         88117521000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat          3372897000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls105.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls104.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls107.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls106.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls101.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls100.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls103.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls102.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls109.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls108.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls253.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls219.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls218.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls192.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls193.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls190.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls191.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls196.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls197.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls194.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls195.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls211.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls210.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls198.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls199.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls215.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls214.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls217.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls216.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls213.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls54.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls55.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls56.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls57.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls50.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls51.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls52.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls53.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls58.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls59.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls228.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls229.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls252.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls138.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls139.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls134.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls135.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls136.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls137.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls130.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls131.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls132.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls133.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls149.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls148.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls141.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls140.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls143.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls142.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls145.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls144.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls147.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls146.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls90.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls91.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls92.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls93.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls94.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls95.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls96.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls97.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls98.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls99.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls248.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls249.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls29.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls28.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls25.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls27.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls26.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls21.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls20.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls23.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls166.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls170.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls171.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls172.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls174.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls175.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls176.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls177.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls178.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls179.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls247.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls244.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls245.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls189.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls188.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls185.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls184.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls187.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls186.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls181.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls180.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls183.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls182.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls233.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls232.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls231.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls230.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls237.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls236.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls235.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls234.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls240.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls69.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls68.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls61.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls60.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls63.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls62.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls65.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls64.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls67.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls66.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls239.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls238.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls129.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls128.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls127.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls126.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls125.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls124.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls123.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls122.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls121.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls120.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls242.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls22.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls243.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls241.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls246.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls32.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls33.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls30.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls31.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls36.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls37.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls34.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls35.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls38.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls39.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls163.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls162.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls161.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls160.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls167.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls165.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls164.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls169.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls168.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls173.totQLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totQLat" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Bus Latency by Vault
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls220.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls221.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls212.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls222.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls223.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls224.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls24.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls225.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls226.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls227.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls78.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls79.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls76.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls77.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls74.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls75.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls72.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls73.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls70.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls71.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls118.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls119.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls112.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls113.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls110.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls111.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls116.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls117.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls114.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls115.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls208.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls209.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls206.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls207.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls204.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls205.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls202.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls203.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls200.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls201.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls47.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls46.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls45.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls44.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls43.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls42.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls41.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls40.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls49.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls48.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls255.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls254.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls251.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls250.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls158.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls159.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls156.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls157.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls154.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls155.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls152.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls153.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls150.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls151.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls83.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls82.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls81.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls80.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls87.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls86.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls85.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls84.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls89.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls88.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls18.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls19.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls16.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls17.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       16551929600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat        1005145600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls105.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls104.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls107.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls106.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls101.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls100.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls103.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls102.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls109.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls108.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls253.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls219.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls218.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls192.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls193.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls190.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls191.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls196.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls197.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls194.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls195.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls211.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls210.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls198.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls199.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls215.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls214.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls217.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls216.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls213.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls54.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls55.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls56.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls57.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls50.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls51.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls52.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls53.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls58.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls59.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls228.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls229.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls252.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls138.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls139.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls134.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls135.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls136.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls137.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls130.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls131.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls132.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls133.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls149.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls148.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls141.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls140.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls143.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls142.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls145.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls144.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls147.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls146.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls90.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls91.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls92.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls93.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls94.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls95.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls96.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls97.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls98.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls99.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls248.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls249.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls29.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls28.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls25.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls27.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls26.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls21.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls20.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls23.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls166.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls170.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls171.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls172.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls174.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls175.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls176.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls177.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls178.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls179.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls247.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls244.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls245.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls189.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls188.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls185.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls184.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls187.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls186.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls181.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls180.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls183.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls182.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls233.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls232.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls231.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls230.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls237.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls236.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls235.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls234.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls240.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls69.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls68.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls61.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls60.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls63.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls62.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls65.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls64.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls67.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls66.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls239.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls238.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls129.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls128.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls127.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls126.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls125.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls124.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls123.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls122.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls121.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls120.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls242.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls22.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls243.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls241.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls246.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls32.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls33.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls30.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls31.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls36.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls37.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls34.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls35.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls38.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls39.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls163.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls162.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls161.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls160.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls167.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls165.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls164.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls169.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls168.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls173.totBusLat               0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totBusLat" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Access Latency by Vault
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls220.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls221.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls212.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls222.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls223.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls224.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls24.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls225.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls226.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls227.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls78.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls79.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls76.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls77.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls74.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls75.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls72.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls73.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls70.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls71.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls118.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls119.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls112.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls113.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls110.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls111.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls116.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls117.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls114.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls115.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls208.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls209.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls206.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls207.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls204.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls205.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls202.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls203.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls200.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls201.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls47.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls46.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls45.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls44.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls43.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls42.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls41.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls40.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls49.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls48.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls255.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls254.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls251.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls250.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls158.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls159.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls156.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls157.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls154.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls155.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls152.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls153.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls150.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls151.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls83.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls82.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls81.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls80.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls87.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls86.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls85.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls84.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls89.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls88.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls18.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls19.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls16.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls17.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   155876982800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat     7487711800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls105.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls104.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls107.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls106.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls101.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls100.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls103.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls102.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls109.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls108.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls253.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls219.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls218.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls192.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls193.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls190.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls191.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls196.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls197.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls194.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls195.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls211.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls210.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls198.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls199.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls215.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls214.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls217.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls216.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls213.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls54.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls55.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls56.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls57.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls50.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls51.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls52.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls53.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls58.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls59.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls228.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls229.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls252.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls138.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls139.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls134.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls135.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls136.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls137.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls130.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls131.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls132.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls133.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls149.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls148.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls141.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls140.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls143.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls142.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls145.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls144.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls147.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls146.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls90.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls91.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls92.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls93.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls94.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls95.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls96.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls97.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls98.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls99.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls248.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls249.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls29.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls28.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls25.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls27.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls26.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls21.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls20.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls23.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls166.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls170.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls171.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls172.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls174.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls175.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls176.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls177.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls178.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls179.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls247.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls244.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls245.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls189.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls188.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls185.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls184.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls187.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls186.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls181.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls180.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls183.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls182.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls233.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls232.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls231.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls230.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls237.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls236.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls235.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls234.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls240.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls69.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls68.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls61.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls60.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls63.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls62.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls65.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls64.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls67.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls66.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls239.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls238.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls129.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls128.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls127.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls126.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls125.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls124.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls123.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls122.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls121.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls120.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls242.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls22.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls243.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls241.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls246.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls32.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls33.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls30.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls31.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls36.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls37.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls34.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls35.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls38.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls39.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls163.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls162.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls161.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls160.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls167.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls165.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls164.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls169.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls168.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls173.totMemAccLat            0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totMemAccLat " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Read Hit Rate by Vault
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls220.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls221.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls212.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls222.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls223.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls224.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls24.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls225.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls226.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls227.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls78.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls79.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls76.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls77.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls74.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls75.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls72.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls73.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls70.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls71.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls118.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls119.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls112.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls113.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls110.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls111.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls116.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls117.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls114.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls115.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls208.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls209.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls206.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls207.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls204.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls205.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls202.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls203.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls200.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls201.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls47.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls46.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls45.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls44.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls43.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls42.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls41.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls40.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls49.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls48.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls255.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls254.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls251.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls250.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls158.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls159.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls156.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls157.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls154.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls155.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls152.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls153.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls150.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls151.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls83.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls82.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls81.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls80.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls87.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls86.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls85.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls84.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls89.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls88.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls18.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls19.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls16.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls17.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls105.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls104.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls107.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls106.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls101.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls100.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls103.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls102.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls109.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls108.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls253.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls219.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls218.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls192.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls193.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls190.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls191.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls196.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls197.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls194.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls195.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls211.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls210.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls198.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls199.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls215.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls214.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls217.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls216.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls213.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls54.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls55.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls56.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls57.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls50.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls51.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls52.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls53.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls58.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls59.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls228.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls229.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls252.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls138.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls139.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls134.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls135.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls136.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls137.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls130.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls131.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls132.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls133.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls149.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls148.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls141.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls140.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls143.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls142.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls145.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls144.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls147.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls146.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls90.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls91.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls92.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls93.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls94.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls95.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls96.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls97.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls98.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls99.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls248.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls249.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls29.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls28.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls25.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls27.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls26.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls21.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls20.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls23.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls166.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls170.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls171.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls172.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls174.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls175.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls176.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls177.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls178.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls179.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls247.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls244.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls245.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls189.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls188.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls185.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls184.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls187.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls186.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls181.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls180.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls183.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls182.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls233.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls232.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls231.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls230.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls237.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls236.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls235.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls234.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls240.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls69.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls68.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls61.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls60.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls63.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls62.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls65.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls64.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls67.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls66.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls239.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls238.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls129.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls128.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls127.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls126.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls125.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls124.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls123.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls122.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls121.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls120.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls242.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls22.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls243.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls241.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls246.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls32.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls33.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls30.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls31.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls36.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls37.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls34.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls35.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls38.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls39.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls163.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls162.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls161.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls160.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls167.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls165.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls164.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls169.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls168.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls173.readRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*readRowHitRate " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Write Hit Rate by Vault
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls220.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls221.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls212.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls222.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls223.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls224.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls24.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls225.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls226.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls227.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls78.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls79.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls76.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls77.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls74.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls75.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls72.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls73.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls70.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls71.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls118.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls119.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls112.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls113.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls110.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls111.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls116.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls117.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls114.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls115.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls208.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls209.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls206.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls207.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls204.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls205.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls202.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls203.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls200.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls201.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls47.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls46.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls45.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls44.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls43.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls42.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls41.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls40.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls49.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls48.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls255.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls254.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls251.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls250.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls158.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls159.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls156.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls157.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls154.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls155.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls152.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls153.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls150.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls151.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls83.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls82.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls81.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls80.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls87.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls86.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls85.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls84.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls89.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls88.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls18.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls19.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls16.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls17.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate        63.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls105.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls104.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls107.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls106.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls101.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls100.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls103.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls102.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls109.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls108.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls253.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls219.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls218.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls192.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls193.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls190.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls191.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls196.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls197.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls194.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls195.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls211.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls210.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls198.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls199.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls215.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls214.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls217.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls216.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls213.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls54.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls55.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls56.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls57.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls50.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls51.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls52.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls53.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls58.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls59.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls228.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls229.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls252.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls138.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls139.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls134.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls135.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls136.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls137.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls130.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls131.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls132.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls133.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls149.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls148.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls141.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls140.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls143.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls142.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls145.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls144.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls147.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls146.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls90.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls91.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls92.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls93.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls94.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls95.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls96.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls97.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls98.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls99.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls248.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls249.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls29.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls28.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls25.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls27.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls26.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls21.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls20.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls23.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls166.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls170.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls171.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls172.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls174.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls175.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls176.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls177.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls178.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls179.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls247.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls244.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls245.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls189.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls188.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls185.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls184.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls187.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls186.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls181.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls180.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls183.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls182.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls233.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls232.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls231.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls230.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls237.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls236.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls235.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls234.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls240.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls69.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls68.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls61.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls60.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls63.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls62.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls65.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls64.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls67.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls66.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls239.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls238.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls129.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls128.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls127.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls126.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls125.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls124.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls123.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls122.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls121.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls120.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls242.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls22.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls243.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls241.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls246.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls32.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls33.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls30.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls31.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls36.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls37.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls34.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls35.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls38.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls39.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls163.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls162.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls161.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls160.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls167.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls165.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls164.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls169.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls168.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls173.writeRowHitRate          nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*writeRowHitRate " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath
