
Simulation Time in Seconds
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308731                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308727                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308732                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308728                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308853                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308972                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308865                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308726                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308727                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308950                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308727                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308725                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.309100                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308868                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.309323                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.308977                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.968272                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.876702                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.971530                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                176.277906                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.876337                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.877214                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.876582                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                177.006144                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.877148                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                149.375131                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.875678                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.876352                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.878205                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.965496                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.875248                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                175.966393                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.789640                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.899725                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.790719                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.905494                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.683309                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.790456                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.900443                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.801513                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.789969                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 61.873356                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.899271                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.791914                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.900743                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.681695                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.683125                       # Number of seconds simulated
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 72.790550                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196335                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196321                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196338                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196315                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196334                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196334                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196351                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196313                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196327                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.167733                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196313                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196325                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196360                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196325                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196340                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                  0.196324                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.508899                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.511394                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.510567                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.490197                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.510949                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.511813                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.511316                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.493131                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.511535                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                147.227042                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.510845                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.511056                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.512503                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.507145                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.511021                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                173.507816                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.033720                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.031342                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.019690                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.025656                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.020953                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.035921                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.025277                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.046995                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.023036                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 60.276746                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.022901                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.026947                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.049260                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.030993                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.041872                       # Number of seconds simulated
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:sim_seconds                                 71.030227                       # Number of seconds simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_seconds' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Host Time in Seconds
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    26.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    26.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    26.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    26.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    25.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    26.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    27.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20211.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19932.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20037.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19950.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20174.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20565.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20143.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20292.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19697.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 17349.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19928.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20028.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20207.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19839.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20239.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20464.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8347.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8329.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8314.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8320.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8100.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8359.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8302.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8249.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8377.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  7094.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8295.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8257.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8433.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8439.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8775.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8405.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    22.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    22.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    22.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    22.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    23.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    23.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    22.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    23.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    23.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    19.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    23.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    22.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    22.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    23.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    23.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:host_seconds                                    22.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19381.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19585.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19546.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19447.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19528.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19706.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19555.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19426.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19355.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 16429.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19394.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19499.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19894.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19471.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 19671.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:host_seconds                                 20029.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8081.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8210.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  7795.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8089.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  7939.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8102.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8166.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  7995.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8022.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  6806.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8070.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8130.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8176.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8067.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8153.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:host_seconds                                  8165.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
write_results:grep 'host_seconds' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Simulation Ticks
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308730845000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308726954000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308731698000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308727818000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308853382500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308972168500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308864670500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308725800500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308726954000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308950131500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308726822500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308724936500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                309099592500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308867733000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                309323133000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                308976992500                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175968271505000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175876702298000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175971530403000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                176277906288000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175876336524000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175877213894000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175876582208000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                177006143651000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175877147927000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                149375131408000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175875677580000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175876351991000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175878205320000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175965495818000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175875247853000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                175966393267000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72789639890000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72899725397000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72790718517000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72905493785000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72683309156000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72790456068000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72900443252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72801512662000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72789969057000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                61873356035000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72899271032000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72791913768000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72900742830000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72681694815000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72683125149000                       # Number of ticks simulated
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                72790550425000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196335157000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196321018000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196338438000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196314813000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196334391000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196334274000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196351218000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196312631000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196327115000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                167732934000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196313172000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196325210000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196359640000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196325001000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196339920000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                196324033000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173508899349000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173511393710000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173510567250000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173490197319000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173510948549000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173511813251000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173511315590000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173493131357000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173511535097000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                147227042353000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173510844896000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173511056344000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173512503453000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173507145269000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173511020743000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                173507816412000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71033719655000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71031342286000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71019690004000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71025656218000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71020953008000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71035921024000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71025276790000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71046994640000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71023035638000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                60276746252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71022900877000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71026947150000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71049259959000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71030993395000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71041872222000                       # Number of ticks simulated
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:sim_ticks                                71030226612000                       # Number of ticks simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_ticks' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Simulation Operations
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5352520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5352456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5352535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5352418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5354374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5355920                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5354575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5352379                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5352454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5355734                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5352454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5352415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5357838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5354367                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5361167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5355975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4849961871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847859621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4850045195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4857464717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847849989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847872468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847856380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4874172735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847870876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4850376296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847833185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847850530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847896780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4849890934                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4847822351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4849914170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2004470597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2007003740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2004498097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2007153043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2002033244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2004491354                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2007022079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2004775479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2004478846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2007030137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2006992118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2004528577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2007029629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2001992034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2002028514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    2004493816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5266125                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5266025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5266083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5266429                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5264834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5266287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5266042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:sim_ops                                       5265796                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791551835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791619312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791596736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791051004                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791607205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791631994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791618406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791127309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791623999                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4790969121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791605681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791610937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791650405                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791502680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791611876                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    4791521738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1966081529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965998505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965664377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965846277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965714206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1966138475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965833261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1966468963                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965767275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965482771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965769945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965888302                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1966526118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1966003898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1966323461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:sim_ops                                    1965968974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
write_results:grep 'sim_ops' -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Memory Reads
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                 763350     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                 763346     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 763354     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 763351     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                 763561     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                 763734     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 763581     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                 763347     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                 763346     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 763729     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                 763346     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 763342     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                 763949     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 763556     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                 764322     14.66%     92.09% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 763734     14.66%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead              740893787     15.28%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead              740659782     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead              740902121     15.28%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              741691644     15.27%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead              740658819     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              740661065     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead              740659458     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              743552700     15.26%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              740660909     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              740911459     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead              740657137     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead              740658873     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead              740663496     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead              740886695     15.28%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead              740656053     15.28%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead              740889017     15.28%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead              304988807     15.22%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead              305270172     15.21%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead              304991557     15.22%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              305285109     15.21%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead              304717021     15.22%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              304990881     15.22%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead              305272006     15.21%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              305019305     15.22%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              304989630     15.22%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              305272818     15.21%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead              305269010     15.21%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead              304994605     15.22%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead              305272759     15.21%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead              304712900     15.22%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead              304716545     15.22%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead              304991129     15.22%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                 753876     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                 753845     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                 753874     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                 753851     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                 753865     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                 753877     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                 753909     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                 753839     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                 753861     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                 753791     14.73%     92.09% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                 753857     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                 753855     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                 753897     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                 753843     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                 753875     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                 753850     14.73%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead              734482914     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead              734490253     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead              734487764     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              734427237     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead              734489147     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              734491228     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead              734489903     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              734436322     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              734490738     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              734418579     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead              734488361     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead              734489349     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead              734493075     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead              734478350     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead              734488110     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead              734480022     15.33%     90.28% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead              300532751     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead              300529558     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead              300500592     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead              300513605     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead              300500914     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead              300537610     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead              300512614     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead              300558667     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1055      1.02%     99.09% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead              300507056     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead              300486303     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead              300505843     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead              300514747     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead              300570208     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead              300525159     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead              300549916     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemRead              300526299     15.29%     90.39% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemRead                   1056     10.77%     90.45% # Class of executed instruction
write_results:grep "system.cpu.*op_class::MemRead" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Memory Writes
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                391912      7.53%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                391912      7.52%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.52%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.53%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                391912      7.52%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                391912      7.53%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.52%     99.61% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                391910      7.52%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite             455455142      9.39%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite             455455144      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite             455455144      9.39%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             455455140      9.38%     99.67% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite             455455144      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             455455142      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite             455455144      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             455455141      9.34%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             455455144      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             455455145      9.39%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite             455455140      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite             455455144      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite             455455145      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite             455455146      9.39%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite             455455145      9.40%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite             455455142      9.39%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite             185394266      9.25%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite             185394264      9.24%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite             185394264      9.25%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             185394261      9.24%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite             185394264      9.26%     99.67% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             185394264      9.25%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite             185394264      9.24%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             185394263      9.25%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             185394263      9.25%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             185394259      9.24%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite             185394264      9.24%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite             185394264      9.25%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite             185394265      9.24%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite             185394266      9.26%     99.67% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite             185394262      9.26%     99.67% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite             185394266      9.25%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                386555      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                386553      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                386554      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                386555      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                386554      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                386555      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                386555      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                386554      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                386553      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                386553      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                386555      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                386553      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                386556      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                386556      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                386556      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                386555      7.55%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite             453503017      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite             453503013      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite             453503011      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             453503018      9.47%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite             453503014      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             453503016      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite             453503015      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             453503018      9.47%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             453503014      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             453503027      9.47%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite             453503014      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite             453503013      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite             453503014      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite             453503013      9.47%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite             453503013      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite             453503015      9.46%     99.74% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite             184193737      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite             184193735      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite             184193737      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite             184193738      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite             184193737      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite             184193735      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite             184193736      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite             184193737      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   939      0.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite             184193733      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite             184193732      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite             184193735      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite             184193735      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite             184193739      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite             184193739      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite             184193739      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu00.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu01.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu02.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu03.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu04.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu05.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu06.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu07.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu08.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu09.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu10.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu11.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu12.op_class::MemWrite             184193737      9.37%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu13.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu14.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.cpu15.op_class::MemWrite                   936      9.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
write_results:grep "system.cpu.*op_class::MemWrite" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Read Requests by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4563840                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4563786                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4563841                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4563750                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4565644                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4567159                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4565814                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4563716                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4563772                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4567008                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4563768                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4563741                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4569032                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4565623                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4572308                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4567243                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3949503750                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947442182                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3949578761                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3956614078                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947433697                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947455172                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947440555                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3972997385                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947453796                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3949724143                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947419858                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947434805                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947476918                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3949439839                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3947408381                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3949459781                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1633075364                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1635553707                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1633099908                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1635689059                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1630683413                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1633093973                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1635569809                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1633352252                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1633082997                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1635577963                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1635543650                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1633127934                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1635577262                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1630646237                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1630679466                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1633096179                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490894                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490565                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490803                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490311                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490709                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490875                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4491118                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490308                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490710                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4489834                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490583                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490665                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4491027                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490490                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490831                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs            4490638                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895173221                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895230515                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895211465                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3894739838                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895220217                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895240074                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895228719                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3894807191                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895233680                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3894668413                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895217834                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895222738                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895255084                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895132828                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895221869                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         3895148328                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598314885                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598260294                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1597991602                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598128577                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598020635                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598365477                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598120050                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598697380                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598069410                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1597847501                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598066307                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598159301                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598671082                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598251327                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598501317                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readReqs         1598234634                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                 0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                  0                       # Number of read requests accepted
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*readReqs" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Write Requests by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412087                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412085                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412085                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412085                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412175                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412267                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412175                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412085                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412085                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412265                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412085                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412085                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412357                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412177                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412535                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            412265                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457489500                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377222                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457489502                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457714058                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377222                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377220                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377222                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         458612299                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377222                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377223                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377218                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377222                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377223                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457489504                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457377223                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         457489500                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186970562                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         187103001                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186970560                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         187102998                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186838119                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186970560                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         187103001                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186970559                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186970559                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         187102996                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         187103001                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186970560                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         187103002                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186838121                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186838117                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         186970562                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406161                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406159                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406160                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406161                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406160                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406161                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406161                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406160                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406159                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406159                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406161                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406159                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406162                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406162                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406162                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs            406161                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186887                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186883                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186881                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186888                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186884                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186886                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186885                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186888                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186884                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186897                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186884                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186883                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186884                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186883                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186883                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         454186885                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524755                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524753                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524755                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524756                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524755                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524753                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524754                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524758                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524751                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524750                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524753                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524753                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524757                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524757                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524757                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs         184524755                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                 0                       # Number of write requests accepted
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*writeReqs" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Queuing Latency by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64131906400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64185510800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64185965100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64158010000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64176754700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64265165100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64205496200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64157691400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64157325100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64220813500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64126428400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64126592000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64285689700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64248223400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64263432000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         64223127900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41482363697700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41460204923600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41483340415500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41558716683700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41460242088100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41460427184400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41460178236400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41735439702400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41460343673200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41378106242800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41459930470000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41460124862900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41460738343200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41481732697400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41459921480800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        41481872383800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17185862331900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17212669395400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17186288438900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17213780470000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17160257425500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17186227965600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17212830368200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17188621639300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17186057638800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17164283194900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17212520186800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17186512573000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17213067645500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17159691952900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17160179046900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        17186086395500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79499337800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79499758800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79608021800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79576743900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79566191200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79620629300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79597950400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79512535800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79512636400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79603114800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79364930100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79495289400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79746783500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79580610600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79598274500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat         79496417600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40932576997000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933196405300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933092489300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40928142155400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933142995800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933412261600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933264880600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40928807020200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933237716300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40823789317600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40932926977200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933108681400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933695181300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40932224756400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40933194635400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        40932310632900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16753086110400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16752503250400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16749744172600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16751222850200                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16750013988900                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16753750540100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16751107196600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16758105175000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16750469299700                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16712134536400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16750293284600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16751415048600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16757165209800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16752505311800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16755199125400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totQLat        16752225114300                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totQLat" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Bus Latency by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14307110400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14306652800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14306915200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14306982400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14312608000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14318147200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14313347200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14306912000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14306636800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14317456000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14306723200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14306601600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14324172800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14313260800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14335043200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14318758400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12227347500800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220745929600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12227589430400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12249750499200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220725040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220788169600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220741008000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12302206073600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220785228800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12217445136000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220677676800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220723820800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220863555200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12227151801600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12220637916800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12227202176000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5064806444800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5072740153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5064884316800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5073235094400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5057150710400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5064866473600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5072792422400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5065755488000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5064834428800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5064449625600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5072708672000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5064977968000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5072814713600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5057033200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5057135449600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      5064873251200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14054412800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14053209600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14054396800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14052310400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14054115200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14053980800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14055180800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14052416000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14053616000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14054134400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14053491200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14053798400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14054985600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14053091200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14054332800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat       14053628800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038730864000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038913993600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038853683200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12037341910400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038882211200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038945830400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038908150400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12037557328000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038925491200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12024772153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038875504000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038889379200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038998131200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038601798400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038886793600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      12038651187200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4926629696000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4926454787200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4925598572800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4926030748800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4925691520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4926791078400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4926009126400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4927850640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4925843756800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4923723840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4925834966400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4926131868800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4927770832000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4926429372800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4927229500800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat      4926372873600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totBusLat" -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Total Access Latency by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122701639600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122753370700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122754899200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122727219200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122768993700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122880080200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122800761300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122726612400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122725119500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122832899000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122694576500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122694242300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122925272100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122843134800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122947515100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   122840545100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91538067529100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91488883572900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91540034646200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91706132789800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91488835220600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91489278753700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91488836737900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   92097595816200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91489183203600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91393272268300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91488329709400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91488713004300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91489898522300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91536635385200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91488157952700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   91536981291800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37919913715300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37979199399200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37920658610800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37982336637700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37862968146200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37920525091900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37979574347400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37926558168300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37920223581700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37896873849700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37978921312800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37921266129500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37979902879300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37861921615400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37862827293700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   37920411267600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137034590200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137030085600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137143208700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137103389600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137100225300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137154113200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137136346800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137039613800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137044626900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137137227500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   136896409700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137028026600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137284380800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137110452700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137133199400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   137028460500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90216131471500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217500566600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217149754900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90206010601100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217317047900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217846754800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217545121300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90207557331700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217588945900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90050200321400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217073571700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217312077500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90218343780900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90215250868600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90217387446700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   90215538930500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36921476428400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36920177535500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36913913330000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36917161228100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36914563648900                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36922801517300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36916957057800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36931493732500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36915642179100                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36868629006400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36915430178300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36917767386500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36930227053300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36920075556700                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36926044894300                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat   36919564065600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat             0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls8.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls9.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls.*totMemAccLat " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Read Hit Rate by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate         0.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath

Write Hit Rate by Vault
pr/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        53.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        62.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        60.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
pr/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        61.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        51.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        51.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        51.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        51.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        51.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        51.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        51.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/ash85/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        52.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        56.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/hcircuit/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/11/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/6/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/5/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/1/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/4/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/14/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/7/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/2/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/3/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/0/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/8/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/9/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/15/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/10/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/13/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
tc/internet/12/stats.txt:system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate        57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
write_results:grep "system.hmc_dev.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate " -R --exclude=$resultsFile * >> $resultsPath
